                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                    -----------------------------------------

                                    FORM 10-K
(Mark One)

  [X]  Annual report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
       Act of 1934 [Fee Required]

  For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1999 or

  [ ] Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of Securities Exchange
      Act of 1934 [Fee Required]

For the transition period from ___________ to _________

Commission File Number 1-5893

                                MOVIE STAR, INC.
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)


                       New York                           13-5651322
           (State or other jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer
            incorporation or organization)             Identification No.)

           136 Madison Avenue, New York, NY                   10016
                 (Address of Principal                      (Zip Code)
                  Executive Offices)

Registrant's telephone number including area code  (212) 684-3400

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


Title of each class                   Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $.01 par value          American Stock Exchange
$25,000,000 12.875% Debenture         American Stock Exchange
due October 1, 2001

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                      None
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                  Yes        [ X ]               No     [  ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information


<PAGE>



statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.

                  Yes          X                     No

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
 Registrant totalled $12,818,264 on August 31, 1999, based upon the closing
 price of $1.375 at the close of trading on August 31, 1999.

As of August 31, 1999, there were 14,879,644 common shares outstanding.


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

SEE Item 14 with respect to exhibits to this Form 10-K which are incorporated
herein by reference to documents previously filed or to be filed by the
Registrant with the Commission.



<PAGE>



                                MOVIE STAR, INC.
                          1999 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

         PART I                                                        Page No.

         Item 1            Business......................................I-1

         Item 2            Properties....................................I-6

         Item 3            Legal Proceedings.............................I-7

         Item 4            Submission of Matters to a
                           Vote of Security Holders..................... I-7

         PART II

         Item 5            Market for Company's Common Stock and
                           Related Stockholder Matters..................II-1

         Item 6            Selected Financial Data......................II-2

         Item 7            Management's Discussion and Analysis
                           of Financial Condition and
 .                          Results of Operations........................II-3

         Item 8            Financial Statements and
                           Supplementary Data.........................   F-1

         Item 9            Disagreements on Accounting and
                           Financial Disclosure.........................II-14

         PART III

         Item 10           Executive Officers and Directors
                           of the Company..............................III-1

         Item 11                    Executive Compensation.............III-2

         Item 12           Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
                           Owners and Management.......................III-6

         Item 13           Certain Relationships and
                           Related Transactions........................III-7

         PART IV

         Item 14           Exhibits, Financial Statement
                           Schedule and Reports on Form 8-K.............IV-1



<PAGE>



                                     PART I

ITEM 1.     BUSINESS

(a) The Company, a New York corporation organized in 1935, designs,
manufactures, markets and sells an extensive line of ladies' sleepwear, robes,
leisurewear, loungewear, panties and daywear; and also operates retail stores
under the names Movie Star Factory Stores, Bargain Box Factory Stores, Bobby's
Place, Bobby's Menswear and A Little Xtra from Movie Star ("Retail Stores").
During fiscal 1998, the Company exited the men's, women's and children's screen
printed tee shirt division.

ITEM 1.     BUSINESS

The Company's products consist of ladies' pajamas, nightgowns, baby dolls,
nightshirts, dusters, shifts, caftans, sundresses, rompers, short sets,
beachwear, peignoir ensembles, robes, leisurewear, panties, and daywear
consisting of bodysuits, soft bras, slips, half-slips, teddies and camisoles.
These products are manufactured in various fabrics, designs, colors and styles
depending upon seasonal requirements, changes in fashion and customer demand.

ITEM 1.     BUSINESS cont

The products sold in the Company's retail stores consist of lingerie,
loungewear, sportswear, outerwear and hosiery for regular and plus size women,
select menswear, jewelry and accessories. The specific products offered depend
on the buying opportunities that are available each season.

Between 1992 and 1997, as a result of consolidations in the retail industry, the
high cost of domestic manufacturing and difficulties the Company had encountered
in engaging reliable offshore contractors and obtaining sufficient quantities of
acceptable quality finished products from overseas, the Company experienced a
loss of sales to certain of its customers. In fiscal 1998, the Company began to
regain a portion of the sales it had lost by creating new designs at competitive
prices and by improving on-time delivery and the quality of its products. The
Company has shifted a large portion of its production to Mexico and other
offshore based contractors and has developed infrastructures in these locations
that has given the Company greater control over its operations, quality and
on-time delivery. The Company maintains an in-house design staff which affords
it the flexibility to work with merchandise buyers on fashion design and price
points and its remaining domestic manufacturing facilities allow shorter "lead
times" in producing certain of its products.

(b) Intentionally omitted.

(c) (i) The Company's products are sold to discount, specialty, national and
regional chain, mass merchandise and department stores and direct mail catalog
marketers throughout the United States. The prices to consumers for the
Company's products range from approximately $3.00 for certain of its panty
products to approximately $110.00 for certain other products, such as peignoir
sets. The Company's products are sold by in-house sales personnel and outside
manufacturer's representatives. Approximately 54% of the Company's sales are
made to national chains and mass merchandisers; the balance of the Company's
sales are unevenly distributed among discount, specialty, department and
regional chain stores, direct mail catalog marketers and to consumers through
the Company's Retail Stores. The Company's gross profit on its sales for each of
the fiscal years ended June 30, 1999, 1998 and 1997 was approximately 29%, 29%
and 27%, respectively.

The Retail Stores primarily sell apparel products manufactured by the Company
and other manufacturers at discounted retail prices. The prices to consumers for
the products sold in the Retail Stores range from approximately $.49 for hosiery
to $79.00 for outerwear. During the early to mid 90's, the Retail Stores began
to shift the mix of products sold from primarily non-branded first quality
closeouts and irregular merchandise at discounted prices to selling branded
merchandise, first quality non-branded merchandise and to a much lesser extent,
irregular merchandise at discounted prices. In fiscal 1999, 1998 and 1997 less
than 5%, 15% and 20%, respectively, of the products sold by these stores were
supplied by the Company. This decrease resulted primarily from the phase out of
the Company's popular-priced trade business and the Company's decision to
diversify and broaden the Retail Stores product line. The Retail Stores
accounted for approximately 13.1%, 16.6% and 16.7% of the Company's total sales
in fiscal 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively. These stores operate at a gross
profit above 33%. The Retail Stores division advertises directly to consumers
through print, radio and television in the localities in which it operates.

                                       I-1


<PAGE>



The Company limits the promotion of its manufactured products to cooperative
advertising in conjunction with its retail customers directed to the ultimate
retail consumer of its products.

From 1976 until 1998, the Company had, pursuant to various written agreements,
retained Harold Shatz and Jeffrey Hymowitz and their organization, Domino
Industries, Inc. ("Domino"), as a manufacturer's representative. In fiscal 1998,
Mr. Shatz effectively discontinued providing his services as a sales executive
to the Domino organization and did not wish to resume providing those services.
In view of this fact, the Company and Domino agreed to modify their agreement.
Under the modification, Domino accepted significantly lower commissions on the
net sales attributable to its sales efforts in consideration for the Company's
payment of a negotiated fixed fee payable in monthly installments until the
expiration of the agreement on December 31, 1998. Mr. Hymowitz became an
employee of the Company upon the expiration of the agreement. Working closely
with the Company, Mr. Hymowitz has continued to sell to certain accounts under
the supervision of Mel Knigin, the Company's President and most senior executive
in charge of sales and merchandising. In fiscal year 1999 and 1998,
approximately 36% and 30%, respectively, of the Company's net sales were
attributed to Mr. Hymowitz and the Domino organization. The Company believes
that the loss of its relationship with Mr. Hymowitz would not materially
adversely affect the Company because retailers' purchasing decisions are
primarily based upon the Company's products.

(ii)  Not applicable.

(iii) The Company utilizes a large variety of fabrics made from natural and
man-made fibers including, among others, polyester, cotton, broadcloth, stretch
terry, brushed terry, flannel, brushed flannel, nylon, spun polyester, velour,
satins, tricot, jersey, fleece, jacquards, lace, stretch lace, charmeuse,
chambray, and various knit fabrics.

These materials are available from a variety of both domestic and foreign
sources. The sources are highly competitive in a world market. The Company
expects these competitive conditions to continue in the foreseeable future.
Generally, the Company has long-standing relationships with its domestic and
foreign suppliers and purchases its raw materials in anticipation of orders or
as a result of need based on orders received. Purchase of raw materials in high
volume provides the Company with the opportunity to buy at relatively low
prices. In turn, the Company is able to take advantage of these lower prices in
the pricing of its finished goods.

The amount of finished goods assembled for the Company in the Caribbean and
Central America has increased from 13% in fiscal 1997 and 1998 to 16% in fiscal
1999. The Company has also increased the amount of finished goods assembled in
Mexico from 9% in fiscal 1997 and 34% in fiscal 1998 to 48% in fiscal 1999.

The increases in Mexico were due to the Company's strategic decision to assemble
more of its finished goods in that country in order to take advantage of lower
labor costs and lower duty rates resulting from the North American Free Trade
Agreement ("NAFTA"). Certain of the raw materials used in the production of the
Company's products in Mexico are subject to export limitations under NAFTA,
called Tariff Protection Levels ("TPL"), that are similar to quotas. TPL is
assigned annually to various categories of textiles and is available on a
"first-come first-served" basis to U.S. companies exporting products from Mexico
containing the textiles subject to the TPL. In September 1998 and June 1999, the
maximum annual TPL for certain of the raw materials used in the Company's
products was exhausted. As a result, the rate of duty on the affected products
from Mexico shipped to the United States in the last four months of calendar
year 1998 and the last six months of calendar year 1999 increased from 2.8% in
1998 and no duty in 1999 to 16.6% of the value of the finished product. The
Company has investigated various alternatives to minimize the impact of this
increase, including the shift of a portion of its production to other locations,
such as the Philippines. Approximately 15% of the Company's finished goods were
imported from foreign sources in fiscal 1999 as compared to 10% in fiscal 1998
and 20% in fiscal 1997. In fiscal 1999, approximately 33% of the Company's raw
materials were imported as compared to approximately 37% in fiscal 1998 and 33%
in fiscal 1997.

The functions of purchasing finished products and raw materials from offshore
sources have been centralized to give the Company greater control over its
offshore purchases through closer oversight of these functions by senior
management and greater accountability from foreign based personnel employed by

                                       I-2


<PAGE>


and reporting directly to the Company. Currently, the Company has two employees
in Bangladesh and two employees in the Philippines supervising the production of
finished products purchased by the Company from manufacturers in those
countries.

As a result of the Company's decision to shift a large portion of its production
to Mexico-based contractors, the Company has developed an infrastructure with
nine employees in Mexico to assure greater control over its operations and
assist in maintaining quality and on-time delivery. The Company also has two
employees in Honduras who assist in maintaining quality and on-time delivery.
Management personnel travel to Mexico, the Far East, the Caribbean and Central
America throughout the year to monitor the performance of the Company's offshore
manufacturers and contractors.

The Company's transactions with its foreign manufacturers and suppliers are
subject to the risks of doing business abroad. The Company's import and offshore
operations are subject to constraints imposed by agreements between the United
States and a number of foreign countries in which the Company does business.
These agreements impose quotas on the amount and type of goods that can be
imported into the United States from these countries. Such agreements also allow
the United States to impose, at any time, restraints on the importation of
categories of merchandise that, under the terms of the agreements, are not
subject to specified limits. The Company's imported products are also subject to
United States customs duties and, in the ordinary course of business, the
Company is from time to time subject to claims by the United States Customs
Service for duties and other charges. The United States and other countries in
which the Company's products are manufactured may, from time to time, impose new
quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions, or adversely adjust presently
prevailing quotas, duty or tariff levels, which could adversely affect the
Company's operations and its ability to continue to import products at current
or increased levels. The Company cannot predict the likelihood or frequency of
any such events occurring.

The Company believes it maintains adequate inventories to cover the needs of its
customers.

(iv) The Company has several registered trademarks, of which "Movie Star",
"Movie Star Loungewear", "Cinema Etoile", "Cine Jour", "Private Property", and
"Night Magic" are material to the marketing by the Company of its products.
There is no litigation with respect to patents, licenses and trademarks.

The Company has entered into an exclusive licensing agreement to produce and
sell sleepwear and intimate apparel designed by Flora Nikrooz. The Company has
introduced a designer collection at affordable prices that have been designed by
Ms. Nikrooz under the Flora Nikrooz intimates name. These products are being
offered to department and better specialty stores. The Company plans to ship the
first orders in November 1999.

 (v) The Company manufactures a wide variety of intimate apparel in many
different styles and sizes and for use in all seasons and climates in the United
States. Because of its product mix, it is subject to certain seasonal variations
in sales and in the utilization of its manufacturing facilities. More than 50%
of the Company's sales are made in the first six months of its fiscal year.

(vi) All sales are outright sales. Terms are generally net 10 days E.O.M. or net
30 days from the date the goods are shipped which, depending on date of
shipment, can be due from as short a period as twenty-one days or as long as
fifty days. It has become industry practice to extend payment terms up to an
additional thirty days for certain customers. Although sales are made without
the right of return, in certain instances the Company may accept returns or
agree to allowances. The Company maintains sufficient inventories of raw
materials and finished goods to meet its production requirements and the
delivery demands of its customers. As a result, the Company relies on its
short-term line of credit to supplement internally generated funds to fulfill
its working capital needs.

(vii) Wal-Mart accounted for 22% of sales for fiscal 1999 and 20% of sales for
fiscal 1998. Sears, Roebuck and Company accounted for 14% of sales for fiscal
1999 and 11% of sales for fiscal 1998. Target accounted for 11% of sales for
fiscal 1999 and 3% of sales for fiscal 1998.

Purchasing decisions by the Company's customers with respect to each group of
the Company's products and, in some instances, products within a group,
generally are made by different buyers and purchasing departments. The

                                      I-3


<PAGE>



Company believes that the loss of orders from any one buyer or purchasing
department would not necessarily result in the loss of sales to other buyers or
purchasing departments of those customers.

(viii) The backlog of orders as of June 30, 1999 was approximately $32,300,000
and as of June 30, 1998 was approximately $33,000,000. Orders are booked upon
receipt. The Company believes that the current backlog is firm and will be
filled by the end of the current fiscal year.

(ix) There is no material portion of the business which may be subject to
renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts or subcontracts at the
election of the Government.

(x) The intimate apparel business is fragmented and highly competitive. The
industry is characterized by a large number of small companies manufacturing and
selling unbranded merchandise, and by several large companies which have
developed widespread consumer recognition of the brand names associated with
merchandise manufactured and sold by these companies. In addition, certain of
the larger retailers to whom the Company has historically sold its products have
sought to expand the development and marketing of their own brands and to obtain
intimate apparel products directly from similar sources as the Company.

Owning manufacturing facilities has required the investment of substantial
capital and subjected the Company to the costs of maintaining excess capacity.
Competitive conditions in the industry have required the Company to place
greater reliance on obtaining raw materials and finished products from sources
outside the United States. As a result, the Company has consolidated production
in its domestic plants by closing underutilized and inefficient facilities.
Between August 1990 and June 1998, the Company has closed seventeen
manufacturing plants in an effort to lower costs by reducing excess
manufacturing capacity and in response to the need to produce and purchase
products at a lower cost from sources outside the United States.

The intimate apparel industry is further characterized by competition on the
basis of price, quality, efficient service and prompt delivery. Because of this
competitive pressure, the Company no longer relies principally on domestic
manufacturing and has increased its reliance on offshore manufacturers and
contractors. Accordingly, changes in import quotas, currency valuations and
political conditions in the countries from which the Company imports products
could adversely affect the Company's business. Such shifts could also result in
the underutilization of the Company's remaining domestic plants and decrease
profitability.

(xi) No material research activities relating to the development of new products
or services or the improvement of existing products or services were undertaken
during the last fiscal year, except for the normal continuing development of new
styles and marketing methods.

(xii) There are no costs relating to complying with environmental regulations in
the fiscal year just completed or over future periods of which the Company is
aware.

(xiii) Of the approximately 588 employees of the Company, approximately 22 are
executive, design and sales personnel, 115 are administrative personnel, and the
balance are in manufacturing, warehousing and retail sales for the Retail Stores
division. In addition, the Company employs approximately 55 part-time sales and
stockroom assistants in its Retail Stores division.

The Company has never experienced an interruption of its operations because of a
work stoppage. Even though the Company is subject to certain seasonal variations
in sales, significant seasonal layoffs are rare.

Most employees have an interest in the Company's Common Stock through the
Company's ESOP. The Company deems its relationship with its employees to be
good. The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining agreement with any
union.


                                       I-4


<PAGE>




Restriction on Dividends

Pursuant to a public offering of $25,000,000 of Debentures in 1986, and the
exchange in October 1996 of certain of those Debentures for New Senior Notes,
the Company may not declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution on any
class of its capital stock except dividends or distributions payable in capital
stock of the Company or to the holders of any class of its capital stock, or
purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or retire for value any capital stock of
the Company if (i) at the time of such action an event of default, or an event
which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute an event of default,
shall have occurred and be continuing, or (ii) if, upon after giving effect to
such dividend, distribution, purchase, redemption, other acquisition or
retirement, the aggregate amount expended for all such purposes subsequent to
June 30, 1986, shall exceed the sum of (a) 75% of the aggregate consolidated net
income of the Company earned subsequent to June 30, 1986, (b) the aggregate net
proceeds, including the fair market value of property other than cash received
by the Company from the issue or sale after September 30, 1986 of capital stock
of the Company, including capital stock issued upon the conversion of, or in
exchange for, indebtedness for borrowed money and (c) $4,000,000; provided,
however, that the provisions of this limitation shall not prevent the retirement
of any shares of the Company's capital stock by exchange for, or out of proceeds
of the substantially concurrent sale of, other shares of its capital stock, and
neither such retirement nor the proceeds of any such sale or exchange shall be
included in any computation made under this limitation.




















                                       I-5


<PAGE>




ITEM 2.                                        PROPERTIES

    The following table sets forth all of the facilities owned or leased by the
Company as of June 30, 1999.



<TABLE>
                                    Owned or        Bldg. Area                  Expiration   Productive    Extent of
Location           Use              Leased           (sq. ft.)   Annual Rent    of Lease     Capacity(4)   Utilization(4)
--------                            ------           ---------   -----------    --------     -----------   --------------
<S>                <C>              <C>               <C>        <C>            <C>          <C>           <C>
136 Madison Ave.,  Executive and    Portions Sub-       23,000   $393,000       4/01         N/A           N/A
New York, NY       Administrative   leased;                      (1)
(includes one      offices;         Portions
floor at 148       divisional sales Leased
Madison Ave.,      office and       Directly from
NY, NY)            showroom         Landlord

180 Madison Ave.,  Sales Office     Leased               3,000   $ 65,000       7/00         N/A           N/A
New York, NY       and Showroom


Petersburg, PA     Warehousing      Owned              140,000     _____        _____        N/A           N/A
                   for finished
                   goods; dis-
                   tribution center

Lebanon, VA        Manufacturing;   Owned              170,000     _____        _____        250           91%
                   warehousing for
                   piece goods and
                   finished goods;
                   distribution
                   center

Honaker, VA        Vacant           Owned               40,000     _____        _____        N/A           N/A


South Mississippi  1 Mfg./Dist./    Owned/Leased       239,000     _____        _____        200           28%(5)
                   Warehouse; 1     (2)
                   Distribution
                   Center

North Mississippi  1 Mfg./Vacant    Owned              103,000     _____        _____        N/A           N/A



Retail Stores      28 retail        Leased(3)          103,000   $360,000(3)    (3)         N/A            N/A
                   stores located
                   throughout
                   Mississippi and
                   Georgia
</TABLE>

----------
         (1) Includes escalation for 1999.

         (2) Leased from municipalities pursuant to local Development Authority
bond issues.

         (3) Store leases generally are for one to three-year periods with
options to renew. Rents generally range from $2-$8 per square foot.

         (4) "Productive Capacity" is based on the total number of employees
that can be employed at a facility providing direct labor for the manufacture of
the Company's products based on existing machinery and equipment and plant
design. "Extent of Utilization" is the percentage obtained by dividing the
average number of employees actually employed at a facility during the fiscal
year providing direct labor for the manufacture of the Company's products by
Productive Capacity.

                                       I-6


<PAGE>



         (5) Subsequent to June 30, 1998, the Company has minimized the amount
of production it does at this facility in order to maximize its overall
efficiency, lower manufacturing costs and to allow for more warehousing and
distribution space.


         The following table sets forth the amount of space allocated to
different functions in shared facilities set forth in the preceding table.


                                                                       AMOUNT
                                                                       OF SPACE
LOCATION                      FUNCTION                                 (Sq. ft.)
--------                      --------                                 ---------

136, 148 and 180              Corporate Offices;                           7,000
Madison Avenue                Divisional Sales Offices
New York, New York            and Showrooms;                              11,000
                              Production Staff and Design                  8,000

Petersburg, Pennsylvania      Warehousing and Distribution;              137,000
                              Offices                                      3,000

Lebanon, Virginia             Manufacturing;                              49,000
                              Warehousing and Distribution;              111,000
                              Offices                                     10,000


Mississippi                   Manufacturing;                              29,000
                              Manufacturing and Distribution;            195,000
                              Offices                                     15,000



ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There are no legal proceedings pending which are material.



ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

None.







                                       I-7


<PAGE>



                                     PART II

ITEM 5.                MARKET FOR COMPANY'S COMMON STOCK
                        AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The Common Stock is traded on the American Stock Exchange. The following table
sets forth for the indicated periods the reported high and low prices per share.



                                                           High        Low
                                                           ----        ---

Year Ended June 30, 1999
First Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    11/16       7/16
Second Quarter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    1 3/4        3/8
Third Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2 1/4      1 1/8
Fourth Quarter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  2 13/16     1 5/16


Year Ended June 30, 1998
First Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    13/16        3/8
Second Quarter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7/8       9/16
Third Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7/8       9/16
Fourth Quarter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7/8      11/16




As of August 31, 1999, there were approximately 891 holders of record of the
Common Stock. For restrictions on dividends, see Item 1 at page I-5.



               MARKET FOR COMPANY'S 12.875% SUBORDINATED DEBENTURE
                             (per $1,000 par value)


                                                           High        Low
                                                          ------       ----
Year Ended June 30, 1999
First Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     940.00     860.00
Second Quarter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     950.00     820.00
Third Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     950.00     861.25
Fourth Quarter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     955.00     900.00




Year Ended June 30, 1998
First Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     837.50      750.00
Second Quarter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     910.00      810.00
Third Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     980.00      900.00
Fourth Quarter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     947.50      915.00







                                      II-1


<PAGE>



ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA


MOVIE STAR,  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

ITEM 6.  Selected Financial Data
(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)
________________________________________________________________________________
<TABLE>

 Statement of Operations Data:                                   Fiscal Year Ended June 30,
                                                   1999         1998        1997        1996       1995
<S>                                             <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
 NET SALES                                      $  72,506   $  64,537   $  61,470   $  84,115   $ 101,946
                                                ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

 COST OF SALES                                     51,363      45,777      44,947      66,993      81,261

 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE
 EXPENES                                           15,859      15,206      13,875      17,637      20,645

 LOSS ON ABANDONMENT OF LEASED PREMISES                --          --          --       1,070          --

 SPECIAL CHARGE                                        --          --          --         --          750
                                                 --------    ---------     -------   ---------   --------
                                                   67,222      60,983      58,822      85,700     102,656
                                                 --------    ---------     -------   ---------   --------
 INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS                      5,284       3,554       2,648      (1,585)       (710)

 GAIN ON PURCHASES OF SUBORDINATED
 DEBENTURES AND SENIOR NOTES                           --        (157)       (560)         --          --

 INTEREST INCOME                                     (118)       (130)       (157)       (110)       (104)

 INTEREST EXPENSE                                   2,694       2,623       2,781       3,893       4,669
                                                 --------    ---------     -------   ---------   --------


 INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE PROVISION FOR
 (BENEFIT FROM) INCOME TAXES                        2,708       1,218         584      (5,368)     (5,275)

 PROVISION FOR (BENEFIT FROM) INCOME
 TAXES                                                 35          16          65         (90)       (246)
                                                 --------    ---------     -------   ---------   --------

 NET INCOME (LOSS)                               $  2,673    $  1,202      $  519     $(5,278)   $ (5,029)
                                                 ========    ========      =======   =========   ========

 BASIC INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE                      $ .19       $ .09       $ .04      $ (.38)     $ (.36)
                                                 ========    ========      =======   =========   ========
 DILUTED INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE                    $ .17       $ .08       $ .04      $ (.38)     $ (.36)
                                                 ========    ========      =======   =========   ========

 BASIC WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF
 SHARES OUTSTANDING                                14,309      14,049      13,960      13,960      13,960
                                                 ========    ========      =======   =========   ========

 DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF
 SHARES OUTSTANDING                                15,869      15,161      15,868      13,960      13,960
                                                 ========    ========      =======   =========   ========


Balance Sheet Data:                                                        At June 30,
                                                    1999        1998        1997      1996         1995

WORKING CAPITAL                                 $  22,616   $  19,916   $  18,636   $  19,546   $  22,648
                                                 ========    ========      =======   =========   ========
TOTAL ASSETS                                    $  36,759   $  36,743   $  33,957   $  34,610   $  57,204
                                                 ========    ========      =======   =========   ========
SHORT-TERM DEBT - Including
 current maturities of long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations                  $      45   $      40   $      73   $      45   $  15,832
                                                 ========    ========      =======   =========   ========
LONG-TERM DEBT                                  $  20,703   $  20,980   $  22,336   $  23,533   $  22,496
                                                 ========    ========      =======   =========   ========
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                            $   8,166   $   5,202   $   3,941   $   3,422   $   8,700
                                                 ========    ========      =======   =========   ========
</TABLE>



                                      II-2



<PAGE>

ITEM 7.


            ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
                       CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements with
respect to anticipated results which are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially are: business conditions and growth in the Company's industry;
general economic conditions; the addition or loss of significant customers; the
loss of key personnel; product development; competition; foreign government
regulations; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; rising costs of
raw materials and the unavailability of sources of supply; the timing of orders
placed by the Company's customers; and the risk factors listed from time to time
in the Company's SEC reports.


Results of Operations

1999 vs. 1998

Net sales for the year ended June 30, 1999 increased by 12.3% to $72,506,000
from $64,537,000 in the comparable period in 1998. The increase in sales
resulted from higher sales in the intimate apparel division of approximately
$9,159,000, offset partially by a decrease in sales for the retail division of
approximately $1,182,000. Net sales in the intimate apparel division increased
to $63,006,000 as compared to $53,847,000 in the comparable period in 1998. This
increase was primarily due to the retailers' positive acceptance of the
Company's moderately priced fashion forward products. At June 30, 1999, the
Company's backlog of open orders was $32,300,000 as compared to $33,000,000 at
June 30, 1998. Net sales in the Company's retail division decreased to
$9,500,000 as compared to $10,682,000 in the comparable period in 1998. This
decrease was primarily due to poor weather patterns and hurricanes in the
geographic areas in which the stores are located, resulting in lower sales due
to fewer customers.

The gross profit percentage was 29.2% for the year ended June 30, 1999 as
compared to 29.1% for the year ended June 30, 1998. The gross margin in the
Company's intimate apparel division increased to 28.0% for the year ended June
30, 1999 from 27.5% for the year ended June 30, 1998. The higher margins in the
intimate apparel division resulted primarily from an improved product mix,
better control of product costs and the continued shift of production to
offshore contractors offset partially by additional duty (see discussion on
Tariff Protection Levels below). The gross margin for the retail division
decreased to 37.0% for the year ended June 30, 1999 as compared to 38.2% for the
year ended June 30, 1998. The lower margins in the retail division resulted
primarily from higher markdowns taken in the current year as compared to the
prior year, due to the closeout of excess seasonal merchandise that resulted
from an unseasonably warm fall and winter.

Certain of the raw materials used in the production of the Company's products in
Mexico are subject to export limitations under the North American Free Trade
Agreement, called Tariff Protection Levels ("TPL"), that are similar to quotas.
TPL is assigned annually to various categories of textiles and is available on a


                                      II-3

<PAGE>

"first-come first-served" basis to U.S. companies exporting products from Mexico
containing the textiles subject to the TPL. In September 1998 and June 1999,
certain of the raw materials used in the Company's products reached the maximum
annual TPL. As a result, the rate of duty for this category of products shipped
from Mexico to the United States, after the annual TPL has been reached,
increased from 2.8% in 1998 and no duty in 1999 to 16.6% of the value of the
finished product. The Company has investigated various strategies to minimize
the impact of this increase. These strategies include purchasing more raw
materials that originate in Mexico that will not be subject to TPL limitations
and investigating other locations for manufacturing, such as the Philippines.

Selling, general and administrative expenses were $15,859,000, or 21.9% of net
sales, for the year ended June 30, 1999 as compared to $15,206,000, or 23.6% of
net sales, for the similar period in 1998. This increase of $653,000 resulted
primarily from increases in salary expense and salary related costs of $678,000
due to the hiring of additional personnel and salary increases for existing
personnel, a one-time charge of $625,000 in connection with the retirement of
the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Mark M. David, an increase in shipping
costs of $171,000 and a net increase in other general overhead expenses,
partially offset by a decrease in commissions of $891,000 and bad debts of
$291,000. The decrease in commissions was primarily due to the restructuring of
an agreement the Company had with its outside manufacturer's representative, who
became an employee of the Company on January 1, 1999 and the overall product mix
of the Company's sales.

The Company's intimate apparel division had selling, general and administrative
expenses of $13,065,00, or 20.7% of net sales, for the year ended June 30, 1999
as compared to $12,367,000, or 23.0% of net sales, for the similar period in
1998. This increase in dollars was primarily due to the same reasons described
above.

The Company's retail division had selling, general and administrative expenses
of $2,794,00, or 29.4% of net sales, for the year ended June 30, 1999 as
compared to $2,839,000, or 26.6% of net sales, for the similar period in 1998.
This increase in percentage was primarily due to the reduction in sales for the
division.

Income from operations increased to $5,284,000 for the year ended June 30, 1999,
from $3,554,000 for the similar period in 1998. This increase was due to higher
sales and gross margins partially offset by an increase in selling, general and
administrative expenses.

The Company's intimate apparel division had income from operations of $4,564,000
for the year ended June 30, 1999 as compared to $2,316,000 for the similar
period in 1998. This increase was due to higher sales and gross margins
partially offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses.

The Company's retail division had income from operations of $720,000 for the
year ended June 30, 1999 as compared to income from operations of $1,238,000 for

                                      II-4


<PAGE>

the similar period in the prior year. This decrease was due to lower sales and
gross margins offset partially by lower selling, general and administrative
expenses. The operational results for the retail division are based on direct
operating expenses and do not include any indirect corporate overhead.

In the second quarter of fiscal 1998, the Company purchased $500,000 in
principal amount of its 12.875% subordinated debentures. As a result of the
transaction, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $94,000, net of related
costs.

In the third quarter of fiscal 1998, the Company purchased $156,000 and $300,000
in principal amount of its 12.875% subordinated debentures. As a result of these
transactions, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $59,000, net of related
costs.

Interest income for the year ended June 30, 1999 was $118,000 as compared to
$130,000 for 1998.

Interest expense for the year ended June 30, 1999 was $2,694,000 as compared to
$2,623,000 for 1998.

The Company provided for an income tax provision of $35,000 for the year ended
June 30, 1999 as compared to $16,000 for 1998.

The Company recorded net income for the year ended June 30, 1999 of $2,673,000
as compared to net income of $1,202,000 for the same period in 1998. This
increase of $1,471,000 was due to higher sales and gross margins offset
partially by an increase in selling general and administrative expenses, a gain
on the purchase of subordinated debentures in the prior year, a net increase in
interest costs and a larger provision for income taxes in the current year.


1998 vs. 1997

Net sales for the year ended June 30, 1998 increased by 5.0% to $64,537,000 from
$61,470,000 in the comparable period in 1997. The increase in sales resulted
from higher sales in the intimate apparel division and the retail division of
approximately $3,311,000 and $453,000, respectively, offset by a decrease in
other business of $697,000. Net sales in the intimate apparel division increased
to $53,847,000 from $50,536,000 in the comparable period in 1997. This increase
was due to the creation of new designs and competitive products for its
customers. At June 30, 1998 the Company's backlog of open orders was $33,000,000
as compared to $21,300,000 at June 30, 1997. This increase is due to an expected
increase in business for fiscal 1999 and orders being booked earlier than they
were in the prior year. Net sales in the Company's retail division increased to
$10,682,000 from $10,229,000 in the comparable period in 1997. This increase was
primarily due to an expanded product line, which includes higher priced brand


                                      II-5

<PAGE>

name products. The decrease in other business was the result of the Company's
decision to exit the men's, women's and children's screen printed tee shirt
division.

The gross profit percentage increased to 29.1% for the year ended June 30, 1998
from 26.9% in the similar period in 1997. The gross margin in the Company's
intimate apparel division increased to 27.5% for the year ended June 30, 1998
from 24.9% in the similar period in 1997. The higher margins in the intimate
apparel division resulted primarily from an improved product mix, better control
of product costs and the continued shift of a significant portion of production
to Mexico-based contractors and, to a lesser extent, the elimination of certain
problems it had in the prior year with the quality of specific items of the
Company's imported finished goods (discussed below). The shift in production to
Mexico-based contractors has enabled the Company to take advantage of lower duty
rates that result from the North American Free Trade Agreement ("NAFTA") and
shorter lead times associated with the raw materials that are available in
Mexico. The geographic proximity of the Mexico-based contractors also affords
the Company's senior management the opportunity to more easily monitor the
production of these products. The Company has seven employees in Mexico to
support this significant shift in production.

The gross margin for the retail division increased to 38.2% for the year ended
June 30, 1998 as compared to 35.7% in the similar period in 1997. The higher
margins in the retail division resulted primarily from lower markdowns taken in
the current year as compared to the prior year.

At the end of fiscal 1996 and extending into the second quarter of fiscal 1997,
the Company encountered problems with certain of its imported finished goods.
After taking delivery of these goods, the Company was required to correct
manufacturing defects before shipping the merchandise to one of the Company's
customers. Although there was no loss of sales attributable to this merchandise,
the Company incurred additional costs of approximately $400,000 associated with
correcting the quality problems, which had a negative impact on the financial
results for fiscal 1997. In fiscal 1997, the Company replaced the senior
personnel responsible for its import department and hired new employees located
in the Far East to supervise the production of its products. In addition, the
Company is now purchasing its products from different manufacturers than it had
in fiscal 1996 and the first half of fiscal 1997.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $1,331,000 to
$15,206,000 for the year ended June 30, 1998 from $13,875,000 in the similar
period in 1997. This increase resulted primarily from increases in salary
expense and salary related costs, commission expense, a more favorable recovery
of bad debts in the prior year and an increase in expenses for the retail
division partially offset by a net decrease in other general overhead expenses.

The Company's intimate apparel division had selling, general and administrative
expenses of $12,367,000 for the year ended June 30, 1998 as compared to
$11,325,000 in the similar period in 1997. This increase was primarily the
result of salary expense and salary related expenses increasing approximately


                                      II-6

<PAGE>

$481,000 due to the hiring of additional personnel, increases for executive and
sales personnel as well as increases for administrative personnel. Commission
expense increased by $400,000 primarily due to an increase in sales and a
restructured agreement with the Company's outside manufacturer's representative,
which included guaranteed commissions in exchange for a significantly reduced
commission rate on future sales through the expiration of the agreement,
December 31, 1998. The additional expense incurred in the current fiscal year
due to this restructuring was approximately $285,000. The Company also had a
more favorable recovery of bad debts in the prior year of approximately $447,000
primarily from one customer that resolved its bankruptcy on a more favorable
basis than the Company had anticipated.

The retail division had selling, general and administrative expenses of
$2,839,000 for the year ended June 30, 1998 as compared to $2,550,000 in the
similar period in 1997. This increase was primarily the result of increases in
salary expense and salary related costs, advertising expense and store related
expenses totaling approximately $310,000 due to its effort to expand its product
line with more brand name merchandise and increase sales.

Income from operations increased to $3,554,000 for the year ended June 30, 1998,
from $2,648,000 for the similar period in 1997. This increase was due to higher
sales and gross margins partially offset by an increase in selling, general and
administrative expenses. The Company's retail division had income from
operations of $1,238,000 and income from operations of $1,106,000 for the
similar period in the prior year. The operational results for the retail
division are based on direct operating expenses and do not include any indirect
corporate overhead.

In the second quarter of fiscal 1998, the Company purchased $500,000 in
principal amount of its 12.875% subordinated debentures. As a result of the
transaction, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $94,000, net of related
costs.

In the second quarter of fiscal 1998, the Company purchased $300,000 in
principal amount of its 8% Convertible Senior Notes due September 1, 2001. These
Notes entitled the previous holders to convert the principal amount into 800,000
shares of the Company's common stock, par value $.01.

In the third quarter of fiscal 1998, the Company purchased $156,000 and $300,000
in principal amount of its 12.875% subordinated debentures. As a result of these
transactions, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $59,000, net of related
costs.

In the first quarter of fiscal 1997, the Company purchased $1,320,000 in
principal amount of its 12.875% subordinated debentures to meet a sinking fund
payment due in October 1996. As a result of the transaction, the Company
recorded a pre-tax gain of $560,000, net of related costs.

                                      II-7
<PAGE>

Interest income for the year ended June 30, 1998 was $130,000 as compared to
$157,000 for 1997.

Interest expense decreased by $158,000 for the year ended June 30, 1998, from
the comparable period in the prior year primarily due to the purchases of a
portion of the Company's 12.875% subordinated debentures and lower short-term
borrowing charges.

The Company provided for an income tax provision of $16,000 for the year ended
June 30, 1998 as compared to $65,000 for 1997.

The Company recorded net income for the year ended June 30, 1998 of $1,202,000
as compared to net income of $519,000 for the same period in 1997. This increase
of $683,000 was due to higher sales and gross margins and lower interest costs
offset partially by an increase in selling general and administrative expenses
and a larger gain on the purchase of subordinated debentures in the prior year.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

For the year ended June 30, 1999, the Company's working capital increased by
$2,700,000 to $22,616,000, principally from profitable operations and the sale
of non-operating assets offset partially by the payment and purchases of
long-term debt and the purchase of fixed assets.

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1999, cash increased by $4,051,000. The
Company used cash of $528,000 for the purchase of fixed assets, $328,000 for the
repayment of short-term borrowings and $50,000 for the payment of capital lease
obligations. Cash generated from profitable operations, the sale of certain
non-operating assets aggregating $200,000 and the exercise of stock options of
$13,000 principally funded these activities.

Receivables at June 30, 1999 increased by $534,000 to $6,864,000 from $6,330,000
at June 30, 1998. This increase is due to orders for the Company's intimate
apparel division, being shipped later in fiscal 1999 as compared to the prior
year.

Inventory at June 30, 1999 decreased by $4,485,000 to $16,460,000 from
$20,945,000 at June 30, 1998. This decrease resulted in both the intimate
apparel division of approximately $3,941,000 and the retail division of
approximately $544,000. The decrease in the intimate apparel division was
primarily the result of an increase in the amount of finished goods being
purchased by the Company in fiscal 2000 which did not require the Company to
purchase and maintain an inventory of the raw materials associated with those
finished goods and a reduction in the level of excess and closeout finished
goods on hand. The decrease in the retail division resulted from the Company's
decision to reduce the level of inventory in this division.

                                      II-8

<PAGE>

During the second quarter of fiscal 1999, the Company sold a non-operating
manufacturing facility located in Mississippi, a vacant parcel of land located
in Georgia and other non-operating assets for an aggregate of $200,000.

During the third quarter of fiscal 1998, the Company sold its interest in a
building located in Georgia for approximately $619,000.

During the second quarter of fiscal 1998, the Company sold two non-operating
manufacturing facilities located in Georgia for an aggregate of $500,000.

In the second quarter of fiscal 1998, the Company purchased $300,000 in
principal amount of its 8% Convertible Senior Notes due September 1, 2001. These
Notes entitled the previous holders to convert the principal amount into 800,000
shares of the Company's common stock, par value $.01. Also in the second quarter
of fiscal 1998, certain individuals affiliated with the Company purchased
$278,500 in principal amount of the 8% Convertible Senior Notes due September 1,
2001. The purchasing affiliates converted the Notes on March 31, 1999 into
742,662 shares of the Company's common stock, par value $.01. The affiliates
have agreed to certain restrictions on the circumstances under which they will
be permitted to sell the shares into which the Notes were converted. The
purchasers have also granted the Company the option to purchase the shares at a
price equal to 90% of the market price at the time any purchaser is permitted
under the agreement to sell the shares in the open market and wishes to do so.

Non-affiliated holders of $59,000 in principal amount of the Company's 8%
Convertible Senior Notes converted their Notes into approximately 157,000 shares
of the Company's common stock in the second quarter of fiscal 1998.

During the second quarter of fiscal 1998, the Company purchased $500,000 in
principal amount of its 12.875% subordinated debentures. As a result of the
transaction, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $94,000, net of related
costs.

In the third quarter of fiscal 1998, the Company purchased $156,000 and $300,000
in principal amount of its 12.875% subordinated debentures. As a result of these
transactions, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately $59,000, net
of related costs.

During August and September 1999, the Company purchased $2,721,000 in principal
amount of its 12.875% subordinated debentures. As a result of the transaction,
the Company will record a pre-tax gain of approximately $105,000, net of related
costs, in the first quarter of fiscal 2000. The Company will reduce its
mandatory sinking fund requirement with these debentures.

The Company has, after the above purchases, $17,894,000 remaining in long-term
debt and a secured revolving line of credit of up to $13,500,000. The long-term
debt consists of $7,266,000 of 12.875% Subordinated Debentures, $10,550,000 of



                                      II-9

<PAGE>

8% Senior Notes, and $78,000 of 8% Convertible Senior Notes. The remaining
sinking fund requirement for the 12.875% Subordinated Debentures is $1,016,000
due on October 1, 2000 and the balance of the principal in the amount of
$6,250,000 is due on October 1, 2001. The 8% Senior Notes and the 8% Convertible
Senior Notes do not require any amortization and mature on September 1, 2001.
The $78,000 of 8% Convertible Senior Notes are convertible into the Company's
common stock, at any time prior to maturity, at a price of $0.375 per share.

The Company has a secured revolving line of credit of up to $13,500,000, through
June 2001, to cover the Company's projected needs for operating capital and
letters of credit to fund the purchase of imported goods. Direct borrowings
under this line bear interest at the annual rate of 2.0% above the prime rate of
Chase Manhattan Bank in fiscal 1999 and the prime rate commencing July 1, 1999.
Availability under the line of credit is subject to the Company's compliance
with certain agreed upon financial formulas. Under the terms of this financing,
the Company has agreed to pledge substantially all of its assets, except the
Company's domestic inventory and real property.

Management believes its available borrowing under its secured revolving line of
credit, along with anticipated internally generated funds, will be sufficient to
cover its working capital requirements.

The Company has been authorized by the board of directors to make additional
purchases of its 12.875% Subordinated Debentures to satisfy its October 1, 2000
sinking fund requirement. The Company does not anticipate making any purchases
of its stock and anticipates that capital expenditures for fiscal 2000 will be
less than $700,000.


Recently Issued Accounting Standard

Recently Issued Accounting Standard - In June 1998, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities." This Statement establishes accounting and reporting
standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities. It requires the
recognition of all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the statement
of financial position and measurement of those instruments at fair value. The
accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative is dependent upon the
intended use of the derivative. SFAS No. 133 will be effective in the Company's
first quarter of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2001 and retroactive
application is not permitted. The Company has not yet determined whether the
application of SFAS No. 133 will have a material impact on its financial
position or results of operations.



                                     II-10

<PAGE>

Imports

The Company's transactions with its foreign manufacturers and suppliers are
subject to the risks of doing business abroad. The Company's import and offshore
operations are subject to constraints imposed by agreements between the United
States and a number of foreign countries in which the Company does business.
These agreements impose quotas on the amount and type of goods that can be
imported into the United States from these countries. Such agreements also allow
the United States to impose, at any time, restraints on the importation of
categories of merchandise that, under the terms of the agreements, are not
subject to specified limits. The Company's imported products are also subject to
United States customs duties and, in the ordinary course of business, the
Company is from time to time subject to claims by the United States Customs
Service for duties and other charges. The United States and other countries in
which the Company's products are manufactured may, from time to time, impose new
quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions, or adversely adjust presently
prevailing quotas, duty or tariff levels, which could adversely affect the
Company's operations and its ability to continue to import products at current
or increased levels. The Company cannot predict the likelihood or frequency of
any such events occurring.


Year 2000

Overview
The Year 2000 issue is primarily the result of computer programs only accepting
a two-digit date code, as opposed to four digits, to indicate the year.
Beginning in the Year 2000, and in certain instances prior to the Year 2000,
these date code fields will need to accept four digit entries to distinguish
21st century dates from 20th century dates. As a result, the Company's date
critical functions may be adversely affected unless these computer systems and
software products are, or become, able to accept four-digit entries.

Internal Systems and Equipment
The Company has completed its comprehensive program consisting of identifying,
assessing and, when necessary, upgrading and/or replacing its systems and
equipment that were vulnerable to Year 2000 problems. The Company has also
successfully completed the testing of its entire system for Year 2000
compliance.

Third Party Relationships
The Company has been formally communicating with its significant suppliers and
customers to determine if those parties have appropriate plans to remedy Year
2000 issues when their systems interface with the Company's systems or may
otherwise impact the operations of the Company. The Company has substantially
completed its review and believes that its major customers and suppliers have


                                     II-11

<PAGE>
addressed their Year 2000 issues. However, there can be no assurance, that the
systems of other companies on which the Company's processes rely will be timely
converted, or that a failure to successfully convert by another company, or a
conversion that is incompatible with the Company's systems, would not have an
impact on the Company's operations.

Contingency Plans
Based on the assessment efforts to date, the Company has focused on three
separate contingency plans (1) if the Company's systems are non-compliant (2) if
the Company's customers are non-compliant and (3) if the Company's suppliers are
non-compliant. The Company is continuously developing these plans to minimize
the impact of a potential failure. However, there can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to have a contingency plan in place for a significant
supplier and/or customer that does not become Year 2000 compliant.

Costs/Risks
Management currently estimates that the cost, in connection with bringing its
own systems and equipment into compliance, was less than $50,000 for fiscal 1998
and less than $150,000 for fiscal 1999. Although the Company is not aware of any
additional material operational issues or costs associated with preparing its
internal systems for the Year 2000, there can be no assurance that there will
not be a delay in, or increased costs associated with, the implementation of the
necessary systems and changes to address the Year 2000.

Potential sources of risk include but are not limited to (a) the inability of
principal suppliers or the countries in which those suppliers operate to be Year
2000 compliant, which could result in delays in product deliveries from such
suppliers, (b) the inability of our customers to become compliant, which could
result in them not accepting our product in a timely manner causing the Company
to be in an over inventoried position resulting in a disruption of its cash
flow, and (c) disruption of the distribution channel, including ports and
transportation vendors as a result of general failure of systems and necessary
infrastructure such as electrical supply.


                                     II-12



<PAGE>

              SAFE HARBOR FOR FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS UNDER THE
                    SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995



Except for historical information contained herein, this Report on Form 10-K
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which involve certain risks and uncertainties. The
Company's actual results or outcomes may differ materially from those
anticipated. Important factors that the Company believes might cause differences
are discussed in the cautionary statement under the caption "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in
this Form 10-K. In assessing forward-looking statements contained herein,
readers are urged to carefully read those statements.




                                     II-13



<PAGE>


ITEM 8.           INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
   Movie Star, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Movie Star, Inc.
and subsidiaries as of June 30, 1999 and 1998, and the related consolidated
statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended June 30, 1999. Our audits also included the financial
statement schedule listed in the index at Item 14(a)(2). These financial
statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Movie Star, Inc. and subsidiaries
as of June 30, 1999 and 1998, and the results of their operations and their cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 1999 in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion,
such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all
material respects the information set forth therein.





Deloitte & Touche LLP
September 22, 1999
New York, New York

                                     F-1

<PAGE>




MOVIE STAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
JUNE 30, 1999 AND 1998
(In Thousands, Except Number of Shares)
_______________________________________________________________________________

ASSETS                                                       1999     1998

CURRENT ASSETS:
  Cash                                                     $ 4,597   $   546
  Receivables                                                6,864     6,330
  Inventory                                                 16,460    20,945
  Deferred income taxes                                      1,983     2,200
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                    602       456
                                                          --------    ------
            Total current assets                            30,506    30,477

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - Net                          3,495     3,551

OTHER ASSETS                                                   732       906

DEFFERED INCOME TAXES                                        2,026     1,809
                                                          --------    ------

TOTAL ASSETS                                              $ 36,759  $ 36,743
                                                          ========  ========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES:
   Notes payable                                          $    --   $   328
   Current maturities of long-term debt
     and capital lease obligations                             45        40
   Accounts payable                                         4,529     7,234
   Accrued expenses and other current
     liabilities                                            3,316     2,959
                                                          -------    ------
            Total current liabilities                       7,890    10,561
                                                          -------    ------
LONG-TERM DEBT AND CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS               20,703    20,980
                                                          -------    ------
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES                                  --        --

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
   Common stock, $.01 par value - authorized,
     30,000,000 shares; issued 16,897,000
     shares in 1999 and 16,134,000 shares in 1998             169       161
   Additional paid-in capital                               4,072     3,789
   Retained earnings                                        7,543     4,870
                                                          -------    ------

                                                           11,784     8,820

   Less treasury stock, at cost - 2,017,000 shares          3,618     3,618
                                                          -------    ------
           Total stockholders' equity                       8,166     5,202

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                $36,759   $36,743
                                                          =======   =======


See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-2
<PAGE>


MOVIE STAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1999, 1998 AND 1997
(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)
_____________________________________________________________________________


                                            1999          1998           1997

NET SALES                                 $72,506       $64,537        $61,470

COST OF SALES                              51,363        45,777         44,947
                                          -------       -------       --------

    GROSS PROFIT                           21,143        18,760         16,523

OPERATING EXPENSES:
   Selling, general and
     administrative expenses               15,859        15,206         13,875
                                          -------       -------       --------

    INCOME FROM OPERATIONS                  5,284         3,554          2,648

GAIN ON PURCHASES OF SUBORDINATED
   DEBENTURES AND SENIOR NOTES                  -          (157)          (560)

INTEREST INCOME                              (118)         (130)          (157)

INTEREST EXPENSE                            2,694         2,623          2,781
                                          -------       -------       --------

    INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR
      INCOME TAXES                         2,708         1,218             584

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES                    35            16              65
                                          -------       -------       --------

    NET INCOME                           $ 2,673       $ 1,202          $ 519
                                         =======       =======          =====

BASIC NET INCOME PER SHARE                  $.19          $.09           $.04
                                            ====          ====           ====

DILUTED NET INCOME PER SHARE                $.17          $.08           $.04
                                            ====          ====           ====

BASIC WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER
   OF SHARES OUTSTANDING                  14,309        14,049         13,960
                                          ======        ======         ======

DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER
   OF SHARES OUTSTANDING                  15,869        15,161         15,868
                                          ======        ======         ======



See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-3
<PAGE>


MOVIE STAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1999, 1998 AND 1997
(In Thousands)
_______________________________________________________________________________
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                   Additional
                                            Common Stock           Paid-in        Retained          Treasury Stock
                                        Shares       Amount        Capital        Earnings       Shares        Amount       Total

<S>                                     <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>         <C>          <C>
BALANCE, JUNE 30, 1996                  15,977       $ 160          $3,731         $3,149         2,017       $(3,618)     $3,422

   Net income                                -           -               -            519             -             -         519
                                        ------       -----          ------         ------         -----       -------      ------

BALANCE, JUNE 30, 1997                  15,977         160           3,731         3,668          2,017        (3,618)      3,941

   Net income                                -           -               -         1,202              -             -       1,202
   Conversion of long-term debt
     for common stock                      157           1              58             -              -             -          59
                                        ------       -----          ------         ------         -----       -------      ------

BALANCE, JUNE 30, 1998                  16,134         161           3,789         4,870          2,017        (3,618)      5,202

   Net income                                -           -               -         2,673              -             -       2,673
   Conversion of long-term debt
     for common stock                      743           8             278             -              -             -         286
   Exercise of stock options                20           -               5             -              -             -           5
                                        ------       -----          ------         ------         -----       -------      ------

BALANCE, JUNE 30, 1999                  16,897       $ 169          $4,072        $7,543          2,017      $(3,618)      $8,166
                                        ======       =====          ======        ======          =====      =======       ======
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>



MOVIE STAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1999, 1998, AND 1997
(In Thousands)
_______________________________________________________________________________

<TABLE>
                                                                                        1999         1998          1997

<S>                                                                                   <C>          <C>            <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
   Net income                                                                         $ 2,673      $ 1,202        $ 519
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
    provided by (used in) operating activities
     Depreciation and amortization                                                        566          582          698
     Provision for sales allowances and doubtful accounts                                (191)          98       (1,378)
     Gain on purchases of subordinated debentures and senior notes                          -         (157)        (560)
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                     16            4           35
   (Increase) decrease in operating assets:
     Receivables                                                                         (343)      (2,281)       4,646
     Inventory                                                                          4,485       (4,307)      (2,391)
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                           (146)        (251)         (97)
     Other assets                                                                          32          (66)         215
   Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities:
     Accounts payable                                                                  (2,705)       2,247         (490)
     Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                                       357          339          503
                                                                                       ------        -----        -----

           Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                          4,744       (2,590)       1,700
                                                                                       ------        -----        -----

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
   Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                            (528)        (191)        (133)
   Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                                           200          500            -
   Proceeds from sale of other assets (interest in building)                                -          619            -
                                                                                       ------        -----        -----

           Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities                           (328)         928         (133)
                                                                                       ------        -----        -----
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
   Repayment on and purchases of long-term debt and
    capital lease obligations                                                             (50)      (1,155)        (815)
   Net (repayment) proceeds of revolving line of credit                                  (328)         328            -
   Exercise of stock options                                                               13            -            -
                                                                                       ------        -----        -----

           Net cash used in financing activities                                         (365)        (827)        (815)
                                                                                       ------        -----        -----

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH                                                         4,051       (2,489)         752
CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR                                                                   546        3,035        2,283
                                                                                       ------        -----        -----

CASH, END OF YEAR                                                                     $ 4,597       $  546      $ 3,035
                                                                                      =======       ======      =======
</TABLE>

                                                                   (Continued)

                                      F-5


<PAGE>

MOVIE STAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1999, 1998, AND 1997
(In Thousands)
_______________________________________________________________________________
<TABLE>

                                                               1999          1998          1997
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>           <C>
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW
   INFORMATION:
   Cash paid during period for:
     Interest                                                 $ 2,584       $2,544        $2,256
                                                              =======       ======        ======
     Income taxes (net of refunds received)                   $    25       $   13        $   16
                                                              =======       ======        ======

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NONCASH
   INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Acquisition of equipment through assumption of
    capital lease obligation                                  $   56        $    -        $ 139
                                                              ======        ======        =====

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NONCASH
  FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Conversion of long-term debt for common stock               $(278)        $  (59)       $   -
  Issuance of common stock                                      278             59            -
                                                              -----         ------        -----
                                                              $   -         $    -        $   -
                                                              =====         ======        =====

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NONCASH
  ACTIVITIES:
  Increase in long-term debt for interest paid
    in kind                                                   $   -         $    -        $ 217
  Decrease in accrued liabilities for interest
    paid in kind                                                  -              -         (217)
                                                              -----         ------        -----
                                                              $   -         $    -        $   -
                                                              =====         ======        =====
</TABLE>


                                                                     (Concluded)

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-6
<PAGE>



MOVIE STAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1999, 1998 AND 1997
_______________________________________________________________________________

1.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Business - Movie Star, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") is a New
     York corporation organized in 1935, which designs, manufactures, markets
     and sells an extensive line of ladies' sleepwear, robes, leisurewear,
     loungewear, panties and daywear; and also operates 28 retail stores.

     Principles of Consolidation - The consolidated financial statements include
     the accounts of the Company. All significant intercompany accounts and
     transactions have been eliminated.

     Use of Estimates - The preparation of financial statements in conformity
     with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
     estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
     liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
     reporting period. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
     with generally accepted accounting principles also requires management to
     make estimates and assumptions that affect the disclosures of contingent
     assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual
     results could differ from those estimates.

     Inventory - Inventory is valued at lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or
     market.

     Property, Plant and Equipment - Property, plant and equipment are stated at
     cost. Depreciation and amortization are provided by the straight-line
     method over the following estimated useful lives:

        Buildings and improvements          15 - 30 years
        Machinery & Equipment               5 years
        Office furniture and equipment      5 years
        Leasehold improvements              Lesser of life of the asset or life
                                             of lease

     Revenue Recognition - Revenue is recognized upon shipment. Although sales
     are made without the right of return, in certain instances, the Company may
     accept returns or agree to allowances. Allowances for sales returns are
     recorded as a component of net sales in the period in which the related
     sales are recognized.

     Income Taxes - The Company follows Statement of Financial Accounting
     Standards ("SFAS") No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."

     Net Income Per Share - During the second quarter of fiscal 1998, the
     Company adopted SFAS No. 128, "Earnings Per Share," as required. The
     Company has restated all previously recorded net income per share amounts
     for all periods presented.

     Deferred Costs - Deferred financing costs are amortized over the life of
     the debt using the straight-line method.

     Comprehensive Income - Effective July 1, 1998, the Company adopted the
     provisions of SFAS No. 130, "Reporting Comprehensive Income." This
     Statement establishes standards for reporting of comprehensive income and
     its components in the financial statements. For the years ended June 1999,
     1998 and 1997, comprehensive income approximated net income.

                                      F-7
<PAGE>

     Recently Issued Accounting Standard - In June 1998, the Financial
     Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
     Instruments and Hedging Activities." This Statement establishes accounting
     and reporting standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities.
     It requires the recognition of all derivatives as either assets or
     liabilities in the statement of financial position and measurement of those
     instruments at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of
     a derivative is dependent upon the intended use of the derivative. SFAS No.
     133 will be effective in the Company's first quarter of the fiscal year
     ending June 30, 2001 and retroactive application is not permitted. The
     Company has not yet determined whether the application of SFAS No. 133 will
     have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.

     Reclassification - Certain items in prior years in specific captions of the
     accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated
     financial statements have been reclassified for comparative purposes.


2.   INVENTORY

     Inventory consists of the following:


                                                             June 30,
                                                        1999          1998
                                                          (In Thousands)

         Raw materials                                $ 5,513       $ 8,762
         Work-in process                                2,121         2,431
         Finished goods                                 8,826         9,752
                                                      -------       -------
                                                      $16,460       $20,945
                                                      =======       =======

3.  RECEIVABLES

    Receivables are comprised of the following:


                                                             June 30,
                                                        1999           1998
                                                          (In Thousands)

         Trade                                        $ 7,986        $ 7,666
         Other                                             23              -
                                                      -------        --------
                                                        8,009          7,666
         Less allowance for doubtful accounts          (1,145)        (1,336)
                                                      -------        -------

                                                      $ 6,864        $ 6,330
                                                      =======        =======

                                      F-8


<PAGE>

4.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

    Property, plant and equipment consists of the following:

                                                             June 30,
                                                        1999           1998
                                                          (In Thousands)

         Land, buildings and improvements             $ 6,023        $ 6,233
         Machinery and equipment                          578            478
         Office furniture and equipment                 1,229            907
         Leasehold improvements                           203            187
                                                       ------         ------
                                                        8,033          7,805
         Less accumulated depreciation and
             amortization                              (4,538)        (4,254)
                                                       ------         ------

                                                      $ 3,495        $ 3,551
                                                      =======        =======


     The Company held for sale or lease certain property, plant and equipment
     with a net book value of approximately $324,000 and $518,000 at June 30,
     1999 and 1998, respectively.


5.   ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

     Accrued expenses and other current liabilities are comprised of the
     following:


                                                             June 30,
                                                        1999           1998
                                                          (In Thousands)

         Interest                                      $  534        $  540
         Insurance                                      1,030           910
         Salary, commissions and employee
          benefits                                      1,274           964
         Other                                            478           545
                                                       ------         -----
                                                       $3,316        $2,959
                                                       ======        ======

6.   NOTES PAYABLE

     The Company has a line of credit agreement with a financial institution
     expiring on July 1, 2001. Under the agreement, the Company may borrow for
     either revolving loans or letters of credit up to the lesser of $13,500,000
     or the sum of 80 percent of the net amount of eligible receivables, 50
     percent of the eligible inventory and 50 percent of the eligible letters of
     credit. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the Company has pledged
     substantially all of its assets, except the Company's domestic inventory
     and real property. Interest on outstanding borrowings is payable at 2
     percent above the prime rate through June 30, 1999 and at the prime rate
     commencing July 1, 1999. The Company paid a facility fee of approximately
     $61,000 in fiscal 1999.


                                      F-9



<PAGE>

     Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is required to meet certain
     financial covenants, of which the Company is in compliance at June 30,
     1999. Furthermore, the Company is prohibited from paying dividends or
     incurring additional indebtedness, as defined, outside the normal course of
     business.

     At June 30, 1999, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under this line
     of credit and had approximately $4,930,000 of outstanding letters of
     credit. Additionally, the Company had a cash balance of approximately
     $4,179,000 deposited with the lender, which earned interest at 3 percent
     less than the prime rate at June 30, 1999.

     At June 30, 1998, the Company had borrowings of $328,000 outstanding under
     this line of credit at an interest rate of 10.5 percent and also had
     approximately $3,503,000 of outstanding letters of credit.


7.   LONG-TERM DEBT

     Long-term debt consists of the following:

                                                              June 30,
                                                        1999           1998
                                                          (In Thousands)

         12.875% Subordinated Debentures               $ 9,987        $ 9,987
         8% Senior Notes                                10,550         10,550
         8% Senior Convertible Notes                        78            356
         Capital Lease Obligations                         133            127
                                                       -------        -------
                                                        20,748         21,020
         Less current portion                               45             40
                                                      --------        -------

         Long-term debt                                $20,703        $20,980
                                                      ========        =======


     12.875% Subordinated Debentures - On October 10, 1986, the Company sold
     $25,000,000 of 12.875% Subordinated Debentures due October 1, 2001 (the
     "Debentures"). Interest payments on the outstanding Debentures are due
     semi-annually on October 1 and April 1. The Debentures are redeemable, in
     whole or in part, at the option of the Company, at any time, and are
     subordinated to all senior debt (as defined). The Debentures contain
     covenants with respect to limitations on dividends and stock purchases.

     Annual sinking fund payments of $3,750,000 are required commencing October
     1, 1996. However, required payments in any year may be reduced by
     Debentures previously purchased by the Company. During fiscal 1996, the
     Company purchased Debentures totaling $2,550,000. In fiscal 1997, the
     Company purchased $1,320,000 of Debentures for approximately $824,000
     including related costs and recorded a pre-tax gain of $560,000.
     Furthermore in fiscal 1997, the Company acquired $10,187,000 of 12.875%
     Debentures in an exchange (discussed below). In October 1997, February 1998
     and March 1998, the Company purchased $500,000, $156,000 and $300,000 in
     principal amount of its 12.875% subordinated debentures, respectively. As a
     result of these transactions, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of
     $153,000, net of related costs, in fiscal 1998. The Company satisfied the
     October 1, 1996 and 1997 sinking fund requirements and intends to satisfy
     its sinking fund requirements through 1999 and reduce part of the 2000
     requirement with these purchased Debentures.


                                      F-10

<PAGE>

     8% Senior Notes - In April 1996, the Company reached an agreement with
     holders of $10,187,000 of the Company's outstanding 12.875% Debentures. The
     holders of these Debentures agreed to exchange such Debentures for the
     equivalent principal amount of a new series of notes ("Senior Notes")
     bearing interest at a rate of 8 percent per annum, payable semi-annually
     (April 1 and October 1) which will be senior to the remaining outstanding
     Debentures. Additionally, these Debenture holders agreed to defer the
     receipt of interest due April 1, 1996 (approximately $656,000) and October
     1, 1996 (approximately $434,000) and to accept Senior Notes in exchange for
     such deferred interest. The Senior Notes carried the right to convert up to
     $715,500 of the Notes into 1,908,000 shares of the Company's common stock.
     The Senior Notes will mature on September 1, 2001. As of June 30, 1999,
     $78,000 of the 8% Convertible Senior Notes remain outstanding and are
     convertible into 208,000 shares of the Company's common stock.

     The debt exchange closed on October 15, 1996, but became effective
     retroactively to April 1, 1996, the date of the deferral of interest on the
     12.875% Debentures. In connection with the debt exchange, the Company
     incurred certain costs, which have been capitalized and will be amortized
     over the life of the Senior Notes using the straight-line method. The
     Senior Notes contain covenants with respect to limitations on dividends and
     stock purchases.

     In November 1997, the Company purchased $300,000 in principal amount of its
     8% Convertible Senior Notes due September 1, 2001. These Notes entitled the
     previous holders to convert the principal amount into 800,000 shares of the
     Company's common stock. In fiscal 1998, certain individuals affiliated with
     the Company purchased $278,500 in principal amount of the 8% Convertible
     Senior Notes due September 1, 2001. The purchasing affiliates converted the
     Notes on March 31, 1999 into approximately 743,000 shares of the Company's
     common stock, par value $.01. The affiliates have agreed to certain
     restrictions on the circumstances under which they will be permitted to
     sell the shares underlying the Notes. The affiliated purchasers have also
     granted the Company the option to purchase the underlying shares at a price
     equal to 90 percent of the market price at the time any purchaser is
     permitted under the agreement to sell the underlying shares in the open
     market and wishes to do so.

     In December 1997, non-affiliated holders of $59,000 in principal amount of
     the 8% Convertible Senior Notes converted their Notes into approximately
     157,000 shares of the Company's common stock.

     The maturities of long-term debt at June 30, 1999, including current
     maturities, are as follows (in thousands):

                            Fiscal Year             Amount

                              2000                  $    45
                              2001                    3,787
                              2002 (9/1/01)          10,628
                              2002 (10/1/01)          6,288
                                                    -------

                                                    $20,748
                                                    =======


                                      F-11

<PAGE>

8.  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The following disclosure of the estimated fair value of financial
     instruments is made in accordance with the requirements of Statement of
     Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures About Fair Value of
     Financial Instruments." The estimated fair value amounts have been
     determined by the Company, using available market information and
     appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is
     required in interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair
     value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily
     indicative of the amounts that the Company could realize in a current
     market exchange. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation
     methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value
     amounts.

                                                       June 30,
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                             1999                   1998
                                     --------------------    -------------------
                                     Carrying Estimated   Carrying  Estimated
                                      Amount  Fair Value   Amount   Fair Value
                                                    (In Thousands)

     Long-Term Debt and Capital
      Lease Obligations             $20,748   $18,917     $21,020    $17,389


     Cash, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other
     Current Liabilities - The carrying value of these items approximates fair
     value, based on the short-term maturities of these instruments.


     Long-Term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations- The fair value of these
     securities are estimated based on quoted market prices. If no market quotes
     are available, interest rates that are currently available to the Company
     for issuance of the debt with similar terms and remaining maturities are
     used to estimate fair value of debt issues.


     The fair value estimates presented herein are based on pertinent
     information available to management as of June 30, 1999 and 1998. Although
     management is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the
     estimated fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively
     revalued for purposes of these financial statements since those respective
     dates, and current estimates of fair value may differ significantly from
     the amounts presented herein. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein
     are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in
     a current market exchange.


9.   INCOME TAXES

     Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of (a) temporary
     differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
     financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes,
     and (b) operating losses. The income tax effects of significant items,
     comprising the Company's net deferred tax assets and liabilities, are as
     follows:

                                      F-12




<PAGE>

                                                                 June 30,
                                                             1999          1998
                                                              (In Thousands)

 Deferred tax liabilities:
  Differences between book and tax basis of property,
   plant and equipment                                       $ 345        $ 529
                                                             -----        -----

 Deferred tax assets:
  Difference between book and tax basis of inventory           360          293
  Reserves not currently deductible                          1,521        1,812
  Operating loss carryforwards                               4,047        4,571
  Difference between book and tax basis of senior notes      1,111        1,556
  Other                                                         93           81
                                                             -----        ------
                                                             7,132        8,313
                                                             -----        ------
  Valuation allowance                                        2,778        3,775
                                                             -----        ------
 Net deferred tax asset                                     $4,009       $4,009
                                                            ======       ======

  The provision for income taxes is comprised as follows:


                                                      Year Ended June 30,
                                                 1999          1998        1997
                                                        (In Thousands)

 Current:
  Federal                                        $25         $(2)          $65
  State and local                                 10          18             -
  Deferred                                         -           -             -
                                                 ---         ---           ---
                                                 $35         $16           $65
                                                 ===         ===           ===

  Reconciliation of the U.S. statutory rate with the Company's effective tax
  rate is summarized as follows:

                                                      Year Ended June 30,
                                                 1999          1998        1997
                                                        (In Thousands)


 Federal statutory rate                          34.0%         34.0%       34.0%

 Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from:
  Valuation allowance                           (42.2)        (42.1)      (41.5)
  State income taxes (net of federal tax
    benefits)                                     6.6           6.0         6.0
  Other                                           2.9           1.4         1.5
  Alternative minimum tax                           -           2.0        11.1
                                                 ----          ----        ----
  Effective rate                                  1.3%          1.3%       11.1%
                                                 ====          ====        ====


                                      F-13

<PAGE>

     As of June 30, 1999, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards of
     approximately $10,118,000 for income tax purposes that expire between the
     years 2009 and 2012.

10.  LEASES

     The Company has operating leases expiring in various years through fiscal
     2002, which include, in addition to fixed rentals, escalation clauses that
     require the Company to pay a percentage of increases in occupancy expenses.

     Future minimum payments under these leases at June 30, 1999 are as follows
     (in thousands):

                          Fiscal Year              Amount

                            2000                  $  634
                            2001                     504
                            2002                       6
                                                  ------

                                                  $1,144
                                                  ======

     Rental expense for 1999, 1998 and 1997 was approximately $771,000, $764,000
     and $787,000, respectively.


11.  CONSULTING AGREEMENT

     Commencing July 1, 1999, the Company entered into a five-year consulting
     agreement with a majority shareholder, pursuant to which annual
     compensation payments of approximately $200,000 are required.


12.  CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK AND MAJOR CUSTOMERS

     Financial instruments which potentially expose the Company to
     concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of trade accounts
     receivable. The Company's customers are not concentrated in any specific
     geographic region but are concentrated in the retail industry. One customer
     accounted for 22, 20, and 17 percent of the Company's net sales in fiscal
     1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively. Another customer accounted for 14, 11,
     and 12 percent of the Company's net sales in fiscal 1999, 1998 and 1997,
     respectively. Additionally, another customer accounted for 11 and 3 percent
     of the Company's net sales in fiscal 1999 and 1998, respectively, and less
     than 1 percent in 1997 while another customer accounted for 5, 8, and 11
     percent of the Company's net sales in fiscal 1999, 1998 and 1997,
     respectively. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its
     customers' financial condition. The Company establishes an allowance for
     doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of
     specific customers, historical trends and other information.


13.  STOCK PLANS, OPTIONS AND WARRANT

     Employee Stock Ownership Plan - The Company has an Employee Stock Ownership
     and Capital Accumulation Plan and Trust covering substantially all of its
     employees, pursuant to which it can elect to make contributions to the
     Trust in such amounts as may be determined by the Board of Directors. No
     contributions were made for the years ended June 30, 1999, 1998 and 1997.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>

     Stock Options - The Company has an Incentive Stock Option Plan ("1983
     ISOP"), pursuant to which the Company has reserved 5,000 shares at June 30,
     1999. This plan expired by its terms on June 30, 1993, but 5,000 previous
     grants remained outstanding at June 30, 1999, of which 4,400 are presently
     exercisable. The 1983 ISOP provided for the issuance of options to
     employees to purchase common stock of the Company at a price not less than
     fair market value on the date of grant.

     On December 8, 1994, the Company's stockholders' approved a new Incentive
     Stock Option Plan ("1994 ISOP") to replace the 1983 ISOP discussed above.
     Options granted, pursuant to the plan, are not subject to a uniform vesting
     schedule. The plan permits the issuance of options to employees to purchase
     common stock of the Company at a price not less than fair market value on
     the date of the option grant. The plan reserves 2,000,000 shares of common
     stock for grant and provides that the term of each award be determined by
     the Compensation Committee with all awards made within the ten-year period
     following the effective date.

     The Company also has a Key Employee Stock Option Plan covering the issuance
     of up to 1,667,000 shares of the Company's common stock. Options to
     purchase 200,000 shares at an exercise price of $.625 per share are
     outstanding at June 30, 1999. None of the options granted are presently
     exercisable.

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting
     Stock-Based Compensation" was effective for the Company for fiscal 1997.
     SFAS No. 123 encourages (but does not require) compensation expense to be
     measured based on the fair value of the equity instrument awarded. In
     accordance with APB No. 25, no compensation cost has been recognized in the
     Consolidated Statements of Income for the Company's stock option plans. If
     compensation cost for the Company's stock option plans had been determined
     in accordance with the fair value method prescribed by SFAS No. 123, the
     Company's net income would have been $2,333,000, $858,000 and $183,000 for
     1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively. Basic net income per share would have
     been $.16, $.06, and $.02 for 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively and diluted
     net income per share would have been $.15, $.06 and $.01 for 1999, 1998 and
     1997, respectively. This pro forma information may not be representative of
     the amounts to be expected in future years as the fair value method of
     accounting prescribed by SFAS No. 123 has not been applied to options
     granted prior to 1995.

     Information with respect to stock options is as follows (shares in
     thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              1999                        1998                    1997
                                                      ----------------------    ----------------------    -----------------------
                                                                  Weighted-                  Weighted-                  Weighted-
                                                                   Average                    Average                    Average
                                                                   Exercise                  Exercise                   Exercise
                  FIXED OPTIONS                      Shares         Price        Shares        Price        Shares        Price
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>            <C>         <C>
         Outstanding - beginning of year                2,253        $ .75         2,053       $ .76          1,701       $1.43
         Granted                                          435          .63           200         .72          1,845         .63
         Exercised                                        (20)        (.63)            -           -              -           -
         Canceled                                        (593)       (1.05)            -           -         (1,493)       1.36
                                                    ----------  -----------     --------   ---------         -------    -------
         Outstanding - end of year                      2,075        $ .64        2,253        $ .75          2,053       $ .76
                                                    ==========       =====      =======        =====         ======       =====

         Exercisable - end of year                        780        $ .67          996        $ .88            708       $ .94
                                                    ==========       =====      =======        =====         ======       =====
         Weighted-average fair value of
           options granted during the year                           $ .69                     $ .64                      $ .58
                                                                     ======                    =====                      =====
</TABLE>

     The fair value of each option-pricing model with the following
     weighted-average assumptions used for grants in 1999 and 1998,
     respectively; risk-free interest rate 5.5 % and 5.7%; expected life 7 years
     and 7 years; expected volatility of 95.3% and 115.9%. The fair values
     generated by the Black-Scholes model may not be indicative of the future
     benefit, if any, that may be received by the option holder.

                                      F-15


<PAGE>

     The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
     at June 30, 1999 (options in thousands):

<TABLE>
                             Options Outstanding                                                  Options Exercisable
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------      ------------------------------------
                          Weighted-Average
                               Number              Remaining            Weighted-                                 Weighted-
        Range of           Outstanding at         Contractual            Average          Exercisable at           Average
    Exercise Prices        June 30, 1999            Life (Yrs)       Exercise Price       June 30, 1999        Exercise Price
    ---------------     ------------------        -------------      --------------       ---------------      --------------
<S>  <C>                        <C>                   <C>                 <C>                   <C>                 <C>
     $.625 - $1.375             2,075                 7.9                 $.64                  780                 $.67
</TABLE>


     Warrant - In October 1998, in connection with an agreement with a financial
     consulting firm, the Company granted a warrant to purchase 50,000 shares of
     its common stock at $.4375 per share to the consultants. The warrant is
     exercisable at anytime within ninety days following written notice from the
     Company of the Company's intention to file a Registration Statement other
     than on Form S-4 and S-8, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No
     expense related to such warrant was recorded since it was not material.

14.  Net Income Per Share

     The Company's calculation of Basic and Diluted Net Income Per Share are as
     follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):

                                                    Year Ended June 30,
                                               1999         1998         1997
     Basic Net Income Per Share               (In Thousands, Except Per Share)

     Net Income to Common Stockholders       $ 2,673      $ 1,202       $  519
                                             =======      =======       ======
     Basic Weighted Average Shares
       Outstanding                            14,309       14,049       13,960
                                             =======      =======       ======
     Basic Net Income Per  Share                $.19         $.09         $.04
                                                ====         ====         ====

     Diluted Net Income Per Share:

     Net Income to Common Stockholders       $ 2,673      $ 1,202       $  519
     Plus: Interest Expense on 8%
      Convertible Senior Notes                     6           40           57
                                             -------      -------       ------
     Adjusted Net Income                    $  2,679      $ 1,242       $  576
                                            ========      =======       ======

     Weighted Average Shares Outstanding      14,309       14,049       13,960
     Plus: Shares Issuable Upon Conversion
           of 8% Convertible Senior Notes        765        1,112        1,908
          Shares Issuable Upon Conversion
           of Stock Options                      771            -             -
          Shares Issuable Upon Conversion
           of Warrants                            24            -             -
                                              ------      -------       -------
    Diluted Weighted Average Shares
      Outstanding                             15,869       15,161       15,868
                                             =======      =======       ======
    Diluted Net Income  Per Share               $.17         $.08         $.04
                                                ====         ====         ====

                                      F-16

<PAGE>

15.  SEGMENT-RELATED INFORMATION

     The Company has implemented SFAS No. 131 "Disclosures About Segments of an
     Enterprise and Related Information." This Statement requires the Company to
     use a management approach in identifying segments of its business. Prior
     year's comparative financial information has been restated to conform with
     the current year's presentation of segment-related information.

     The Company has two reportable business segments: intimate apparel and
     retail. The Company's reportable segments are individual business units
     that offer different products and services. They are managed separately
     because each segment requires different strategic initiatives, marketing,
     and advertising based on its own individual positioning in the market.
     Additionally, these segments reflect the reporting basis used internally by
     senior management to evaluate performance and the allocation of resources.

     The Company's intimate apparel segment designs, sources, manufactures,
     markets and sells an extensive line of ladies' intimate apparel. This
     segment primarily sells to discount, specialty, national and regional
     chain, mass merchandise and department stores and direct mail catalog
     marketers throughout the United States, as well as its Company-owned retail
     stores.

     The retail segment sells apparel products purchased primarily from external
     suppliers, as well as from the Company's intimate apparel segment.

     The accounting policies of the segments are consistent with those described
     in Note 1, Significant Accounting Policies. Intersegment sales and
     transfers are recorded at cost and treated as a transfer of inventory.
     Senior management does not review these sales when evaluating segment
     performance. The Company's senior management evaluates each segment's
     performance based upon income or loss from operations before interest,
     nonrecurring gains and losses and income taxes.

     The Company's net sales, income from operations, depreciation and
     amortization, total assets and capital expenditures for each segment for
     the years ended June 30, 1999, 1998 and 1997 were as follows:

                                                   Year Ended June 30,
                                              1999          1998         1997
                                                      (In Thousands)

     Net Sales:
      Intimate Apparel (a)                  $63,006        $53,855    $51,241
      Retail                                  9,500         10,682     10,229
                                            -------        -------    -------
                                            $72,506        $64,537    $61,470
                                            =======        =======     ======
    Income From Operations:
      Intimate Apparel (a)                  $ 4,564        $ 2,316     $1,542
      Retail                                    720          1,238      1,106
                                            -------        -------     ------
                                            $ 5,824        $ 3,554     $2,468
                                            =======        =======     ======
   Depreciation and Amortization:
     Intimate Apparel (a)                   $   526        $   549     $  664
     Retail                                      40             33         34
                                            -------        -------     ------
                                            $   566        $   582     $  698
                                            =======        =======     ======

                                      F-17


<PAGE>

                                                   Year Ended June 30,
                                              1999          1998         1997
                                                      (In Thousands)

    Segment Assets:
       Intimate Apparel (a)                 $33,547        $33,147    $30,858
       Retail                                 3,212          3,596      3,099
                                            -------        -------    -------
                                            $36,759        $36,743    $33,957
                                            =======        =======    =======
    Capital Expenditures:
       Intimate Apparel (a)                 $   379        $   186    $   238
                Retail                          205              5         34
                                            -------        -------     ------
                                            $   584        $   191    $   272
                                            =======        =======    =======

  (a) Includes discontinued apparel segment of men's, women's and children's
      screen printed tee shirts in 1998 and 1997 of less than 10%.


16.  SUBSEQUENT EVENT

     During August and September 1999, the Company purchased $2,721,000 in
     principal amount of its 12.875% subordinated debentures. As a result of the
     transaction, the Company will record a pre-tax gain of approximately
     $105,000, net of related costs, in the first quarter of fiscal 2000. The
     Company will reduce its mandatory sinking fund requirement with these
     debentures.


17.  UNAUDITED SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA

                                                         Quarter
                                           First    Second     Third     Fourth
                                             (In Thousands, Except Per Share)

    Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1999

      Net sales                           $18,958   $25,789   $14,715   $13,044
      Gross profit                          5,657     7,386     4,381     3,719
      Net income (loss)                     1,183     2,330       202    (1,042)
      Basic net income (loss) per
        share                                 .08       .17       .01      (.07)
      Dilutive net income (loss) per
        share                                 .08       .15       .01      (.07)


                                      F-18

<PAGE>

                                                         Quarter
                                           First    Second     Third     Fourth
                                             (In Thousands, Except Per Share)

    Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1998

      Net sales                           $15,202  $22,737    $12,918  $13,680
      Gross profit                          4,284    6,489      3,784    4,203
      Net income (loss)                       165    1,660       (123)    (500)
      Basic net income (loss) per
        share                                 .01      .12       (.01)    (.03)
      Dilutive net income (loss) per
        share                                 .01      .11       (.01)    (.03)


                                                         Quarter
                                           First    Second     Third     Fourth
                                             (In Thousands, Except Per Share)

    Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1997

      Net sales                         $12,894   $22,133    $13,089   $13,354
      Gross profit                        3,285     5,745      3,535     3,958
      Net income (loss)                     (63)    1,280       (329)     (369)
      Basic net income (loss) per
        share                                 -       .09       (.02)     (.03)
      Dilutive net income (loss) per
        share                                 -       .08       (.02)     (.03)




                                   * * * * * *




                                      F-19

<PAGE>



                                                                   Schedule II
MOVIE STAR,  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
(In Thousands)


                      Column A       Column B    Column C   Column D    Column E

                                                 Additions               Balance
                                     Balance at  Charged to                at
                                     Beginning   Costs and               End of
                     Description     of Period   Expenses   Deductions   Period

FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1999:

Allowance for doubtful accounts        $1,076     $   40    $ (40)(a)   $ 885
                                                             (191)(b)

Allowance for sales allowances            260      1,720   (1,720)        260
                                       ------     ------   ------        ----

                                       $1,336     $1,760  $(1,951)     $1,145
                                       ======     ======  =======      ======


FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1998:

Allowance for doubtful accounts       $  778      $  305  $    (7)(a)  $1,076

Allowance for sales allowances           460       1,562   (1,762)        260
                                       ------     ------   ------        ----

                                      $1,238      $1,867  $(1,769)     $1,336
                                       ======     ======  =======      ======


FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1997:

Allowance for doubtful accounts       $1,956      $  192  $(1,370)(a)  $  778

Allowance for sales allowances           660       1,315   (1,515)        460
                                       ------     ------   ------        ----

                                      $2,616      $1,507  $(2,885)     $1,238
                                       ======     ======  =======      ======


(a)      Uncollectible accounts written off.
(b)      Reduction in allowance.


                                      S-1


<PAGE>

ITEM 9.    DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None








                                     II-14



<PAGE>



                                                 PART III

ITEM 10. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY


Director Since      Name              Age     Position
--------------      ----              ---     --------
1981                Mark M. David     52      Chairman of the Board


1997                Melvyn Knigin     56      President, Chief Executive Officer
                                              and Director

1983                Saul Pomerantz    50      Executive Vice President, Chief
                                              Operating Officer, Secretary
                                              and Director

1996                Gary W. Krat      51      Director
1996                Joel M. Simon     54      Director

Officer Since
-------------
1999                Thomas Rende      38      Chief Financial Officer


Mark M. David was re-elected Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
on December 11, 1998. Effective as of July 1, 1999 Mr. David retired as a
full-time executive employee of the Company. Mr. David relinquished the position
of Chief Executive Officer in February 1999, but remained as Chairman of the
Board. He had been Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from
December 1985 to August 1995 and from April 1996 until February 1999, President
from April 1983 to December 1987 and Chief Operating Officer of the Company
since the merger with Stardust Inc. in 1981 until December 1987. Prior to the
merger, he was founder, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of
Sanmark Industries Inc.

Melvyn Knigin was elected to the Board of Directors on December 11, 1998. Mr.
Knigin was appointed Chief Executive Officer in February 1999. Mr. Knigin was
appointed to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors and promoted to Senior
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer on February 5, 1997 and was promoted
to President on September 4, 1997. Since joining the Company in 1987, he was the
President of Cinema Etoile, the Company's upscale intimate apparel division.
Prior to joining the Company, he had spent most of his career in the intimate
apparel industry.

Saul Pomerantz, CPA, was re-elected to Board of Directors on December 11, 1998.
Mr. Pomerantz was appointed Chief Operating Officer in February 1999. Mr.
Pomerantz was elected Senior Vice President on December 3, 1987 and was promoted
to Executive Vice President on September 4, 1997. Previously, he was Vice
President-Finance since 1981. He was Chief Financial Officer from 1982 to
February 1999 and has been Secretary of the Company since 1983.

Thomas Rende was appointed Chief Financial officer in February 1999. Since
joining Movie Star in 1989, Mr. Rende has held various positions within the
finance department.

Gary W. Krat was re-elected to the Board of Directors on December 11, 1998. Mr.
Krat has been Senior Vice President of SunAmerica Inc. since 1990. He is also
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SunAmerica Financial Network, Inc. and
its six NASD broker dealer companies with nearly ten thousand registered
representatives. From 1977 until 1990, Mr. Krat was a senior executive with


                                     III-1

<PAGE>


Integrated Resources, Inc. Prior to joining Integrated Resources, Mr. Krat was a
practicing attorney. He has a law degree from Fordham University and a Bachelor
of Arts degree from the University of Pittsburgh.

Joel M. Simon was re-elected to the Board of Directors on December 11, 1998. Mr.
Simon was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Starrett Corporation, a
real estate construction, development and management company from March to
December 1998. Since then and from 1996 to 1998, Mr. Simon has been
self-employed as a private investor. From 1990 until the end of 1996, Mr. Simon
was the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and, (until July
1993), was a director of a group of affiliated companies known as Olympia & York
Companies (USA)("O&Y-USA"), subsidiaries of a Canadian multinational real estate
concern. Prior to becoming Chief Operating Officer of O&Y-USA, from 1985 until
the end of 1989, Mr. Simon was the Executive Vice President-Administration and a
director of O&Y-USA. Mr. Simon is a Certified Public Accountant and was a senior
partner in an accounting firm prior to joining O&Y-USA. In 1992, O&Y- USA
experienced a liquidity crisis. The O&Y-USA crisis was caused and exacerbated by
its inability to obtain financial support from its Canadian parent, as it had in
the past, because of the parent company's own financial crises. Since then, most
of the O&Y-USA companies filed voluntary petitions for protection under Chapter
11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Substantially all of these companies have had
their plans of reorganization confirmed and consummated.

ITEM 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Report of the Compensation Committee on Executive Compensation

Joel M. Simon, Gary W. Krat and Mark M. David were appointed by the Board of
Directors, and each of them agreed to serve as members of the Compensation
Committee (the "Committee").

Mark M. David relinquished the position of Chief Executive Officer in February
1999 and as a result, the Company's President, Melvyn Knigin, was appointed to
the additional position of Chief Executive Officer, the Company's Executive Vice
President, Saul Pomerantz, was assigned the additional duties of Chief Operating
Officer and Thomas Rende was promoted to the position of Chief Financial
Officer. Also, effective June 30, 1999, Mr. David retired as a full-time
executive employee of the Company. Pursuant to a retirement program negotiated
with Mr. David, he received a lump sum retirement payment and entered into a
written agreement with the Company to provide consulting services for a term of
five years for which he will receive a fixed annual fee. Pursuant to the terms
of the agreements with Mr. David, he will remain as the non-executive Chairman
of the Board of Directors and he is prohibited from participating in any
business which competes with the business of the Company. The salaries of
Messrs. Knigin, Pomerantz and Rende were increased for fiscal year 1999. In
light of Mr. David's retirement and the new duties assumed by the Company's
remaining senior executives, the Compensation Committee is in the process of
determining whether to make any adjustments to the salaries of Messrs. Knigin,
Pomerantz and Rende for fiscal year 2000.

Compensation Policies

In determining the appropriate levels of executive compensation for fiscal year
1999, the Committee based its decisions on (1) the Company's continued improved
financial condition, (2) the need to retain experienced individuals with proven
leadership and managerial skills, (3) the executives' motivation to enhance the
Company's performance for the benefit of its shareholders and customers and (4)
the executives' contributions to the accomplishment of the Company's annual and
long-term business objectives.

Salaries generally are determined based on the Committee's evaluation of the
value of each executive's contribution to the Company, results of the past
fiscal year in light of prevailing business conditions, the Company's goals for
the ensuing fiscal year and, to a lesser extent, prevailing levels at companies
considered to be comparable to and competitors of the Company.

In addition to base salary compensation, the Committee has also, from time to
time, recommended that stock options be granted to the executive officers of the
Company in order to reward the officers' commitment to maximizing shareholder
return and long-term results.



                                      III-2




<PAGE>



Base Salary Compensation

Based on recommendations from the Company's Chairman of the Board and the other
Committee members' collective business experience, base salaries are determined
from year to year. The Committee does not utilize outside consultants to obtain
comparative salary information, but believes that the salaries paid by the
Company are competitive, by industry standards, with those paid by companies
with similar sales volume to the Company. The Committee places considerably more
weight on each executive's contribution to the Company's development and
maintenance of its sources of supply, manufacturing capabilities, marketing
strategies and customer relationships than on the compensation policies of the
Company's competitors; however, the Committee does not establish or rely on
target levels of performance in any of these areas to arrive at its
recommendations. Mr. David did not make recommendations with respect to his own
salary and does not participate in the Committee's determination of the salary
and other compensation to be paid to the Company's senior executives.

The current senior executives of the Company have been associated with the
Company in senior management positions for periods ranging from ten to twenty
years. They have been primarily responsible for the formulation and
implementation of the Company's recent financial and operational restructuring
and provide the Company with a broad range of management skills which are
considered by the Committee to be an essential source of stability and a base
for the Company's future growth.

Stock Option Grants

In 1983, the Company adopted an Incentive Stock Option Plan (the "ISOP") to
provide a vehicle to supplement the base salary compensation paid to key
employees. All of the Company's senior executives were eligible to receive
grants under the ISOP. Options under the ISOP are granted at fair market value
at the date of grant. In the past, the Committee has recommended and the Board
of Directors has granted options under the ISOP to each of the senior
executives, except Mr. David. The options granted under the ISOP were
exercisable at a rate of 11% per year for the first eight years of service after
grant and 12% for the ninth year after grant. No options have been granted to
the Company's senior executives under the ISOP since 1986 and no further options
may be granted under the ISOP. The 1983 ISOP has expired.

On July 15, 1994, the Committee adopted a new Incentive Stock Option Plan (the
"1994 ISOP") to replace the expired 1983 ISOP. All of the Company's management
and administrative employees are eligible to receive grants under the 1994 ISOP.
Subject to shareholder approval, options under the 1994 ISOP were granted to
each of the Company's senior executives (except Mark M. David) on July 15, 1994
at fair market value at that date. As a condition to the grant of options to the
Company's senior executives, the Committee required each of the recipients to
surrender for cancellation any interest in options granted prior to July 15,
1994. The 1994 ISOP was approved by the Company's shareholders at the Company's
annual meeting on December 8, 1994.

In addition to the ISOP, in 1988, the Committee recommended and the Board of
Directors adopted a non-qualified Management Option Plan (the "1988
Non-qualified Plan") to provide an additional continuing form of long-term
incentive to selected officers of the Company. The 1988 Non-qualified Plan was
approved by the Company's shareholders at the Company's annual meeting on
December 13, 1988. Generally, options under the 1988 Non-qualified Plan are
issued with a 10-year exercise period in order to encourage the executive
officers to take a long-term approach to the formulation and accomplishment of
the Company's goals.

In January 1997, Messrs. Simon and Krat, the independent Directors serving on
the Committee, recommended that the Company grant new options to Mark David
under the 1988 Non-qualified Plan at a price equal to the market price for the
Company's shares on the date of the grant. As a condition to the grant of new
options to Mr. David under the 1988 Non-qualified Plan, the Committee required
Mr. David to surrender for cancellation any interest in options granted to him
prior to January 29, 1997. On November 4, 1998, Mr. David voluntarily
surrendered his interest in the options granted under the 1988 Non-qualified
Plan.

Also in January 1997, the independent Directors serving on the Committee
recommended that the Company grant new options under the 1994 ISOP to Saul
Pomerantz and Melvyn Knigin at a price equal to the market price for the
Company's shares on the date of the grant. The grant of new options to Messrs.
Pomerantz and Knigin was also subject to the condition that they surrender

                                      III-3


<PAGE>


for cancellation any interest in options granted to them prior to January 29,
1997.

In November 1998, the independent Directors serving on the Committee recommended
that the Company grant new options to Messrs. Knigin and Pomerantz under the
1994 ISOP and the 1988 Non-qualified Plan and to Mr. Rende under the 1994 ISOP.

Incentive Compensation

In September 1998, the Compensation Committee adopted an incentive compensation
plan for senior executives, other than Mr. David (the "1998 Incentive Plan").
Under the 1998 Incentive Plan, the Compensation Committee has the discretion to
award bonus compensation to senior executives in an amount not to exceed five
(5%) percent of any increases in income before taxes and any extraordinary
charges, as determined by the Compensation Committee, over the base amount of
$1,200,000. Based on the collective efforts of Messrs. Knigin and Pomerantz, the
Compensation Committee determined to award bonuses to them under the 1998
Incentive Plan for fiscal year 1999. Mr. Knigin was eligible to receive
incentive compensation equal to three (3%) percent and Mr. Pomerantz was
eligible to receive two (2%) of the available bonus compensation for fiscal
1999.

Compensation of the Chief Executive Officer

For fiscal year 1999, the annual base salary paid to Mark M. David, the
Company's Chairman of the Board and former Chief Executive Officer, remained at
the same $335,000 as he received in fiscal year 1998. Mr. Knigin became Chief
Executive Officer in February 1999. His annual base salary for 1999 was
$405,406.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

Other than the Company's Chairman of the Board, there are no Compensation
Committee interlocks or insider participation. Mr. David did not participate in
the Committee's determinations of his compensation.

                           Mark M. David
                           Gary W. Krat
                           Joel M. Simon













                                      III-4




<PAGE>



                           Summary Compensation Table


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           ANNUAL                 LONG TERM COMPENSATION
                                           COMPENSATION                         RESTRICTED
NAMED PRINCIPAL              FISCAL        ------------        STOCK              OPTIONS         ALL OTHER
POSITION                     YEAR           SALARY ($)        AWARDS($)          (# SHARES)       COMPENSATION
---------------              ----           ----------        ---------          ---------        ------------
<S>                          <C>               <C>             <C>              <C>                <C>
Mark M. David                1999              340,355           -                    -(1)          508,145 (2)
Chairman of the Board        1998              335,000           -              350,000(1)            8,145 (2)
                             1997              275,000           -              350,000(1)            8,145 (2)



Melvyn Knigin                1999              405,406           -              600,000(3)           67,495
President and Chief          1998              350,000           -              350,000(5)                -
Executive Officer of         1997              296,660           -              350,000(5)                -
the Company; Director


Saul Pomerantz               1999              228,342           -              500,000(4)           44,996
Executive Vice President     1998              200,000           -              350,000(5)                -
and Chief Operating          1997              164,480           -              350,000(5)                -
Officer of the
Company; Director

Thomas Rende                 1999              126,300           -              105,000(6)                -
Chief Financial Officer

</TABLE>


(1)  Represents options to purchase 350,000 shares of Common Stock granted On
     January 29, 1997 under the Company's Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan ("1988
     Plan"). Mr. David surrendered these options on November 4, 1998.

(2)  Represents annual premiums of $8,145 paid by the Company for a split dollar
     form of life insurance policy on the life of Mark M. David and an accrual
     for the retirement payment made to Mr. David in connection with his
     retirement as a full-time employee of the Company.

(3)  Represents options to purchase shares of Common Stock under the 1994
     Incentive Stock Option Plan (the "1994 Plan") of which 350,000 shares were
     granted on January 29, 1997 and 125,000 were granted on November 4, 1998
     and 125,000 shares granted on November 4, 1998 under the Company's
     Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the "1988 Plan").

(4)  Represents options to purchase shares of Common Stock under the 1994
     Incentive Stock Option Plan (the "1994 Plan") of which 350,000 shares were
     granted on January 29, 1997 and 75,000 were granted on November 4, 1998 and
     75,000 shares granted on November 4, 1998 under the Company's Non-Qualified
     Stock Option Plan (the "1988 Plan").

(5)  Represents options to purchase 350,000 shares of Commo Stock granted on
     January 29, 1997 under the 1994 Incentive Stock Option Plan (the "1994
     Plan").

(6)  Represents options to purchase shares of Common Stock under the 1994
     Incentive Stock Option Plan (the "1994 Plan") of which 20,000 shares were
     granted on July 15, 1994, 50,000 were granted on January 29, 1997 and
     35,000 were granted on November 4, 1998.


                                     III-5

<PAGE>




ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AS OF
         AUGUST 31, 1999

         The following table sets forth certain information as of August 31,
         1999 with respect to the stock ownership of (i) those persons or
         groups (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities
         Exchange Act of 1934) who beneficially own more than 5% of the
         Company's Common Stock, (ii) each director of the Company and (iii)
         all directors and officers of the Company as a group.


   NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER       AMOUNT AND NATURE OFWNER       PERRCENT OF
                                  BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP             CLASS(1)
   ------------------------       ------------------------       -------------

Mark M. David                           3,180,428(2)(6)             21.3744%
136 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10016

Republic National                         962,489; Direct            6.4685%
Bank as Trustee for
the Movie Star, Inc.
Employee Stock
Ownership Plan
452 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY 10018

Mrs. Abraham David                     1,622,959(3)(7)              10.9072%
8710 Banyan Court
Tamarac, FL 33321

Melvyn Knigin                            294,406(4)                  1.9551%
136 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10016

Saul Pomerantz                           348,781(5)                  2.3042%
136 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10016

Thomas Rende                             205,300(12)                 1.3760%
136 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10016


Joel M. Simon                             74,166(10)                 0.4984%
136 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10016

Gary W. Krat                             253,333(11)                 1.7025%
733 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017

Abraham David                             25,000; Direct(9)          0.1680%
8710 Banyan Court
Tamarac, FL 33321

All directors and officers
  as a group                           5,979,373(2)(4)(5)(8)(10)     39.0127%
(6 persons)                                      (11)(12)

                                      III-6


<PAGE>



-----------------

(1)  Based upon 14,879,644 shares (excluding 2,016,802 treasury shares)
     outstanding and options, where applicable, to purchase shares of Common
     Stock, exercisable within 60 days.

(2)  Includes 30,000 shares owned as trustee for his children 30,000 shares
     owned as trustee for his sisters' children and 26,560 shares owned by his
     spouse.

(3)  Includes 606,695 shares owned by Annie David as a truste for the benefit of
     her daughters, Marcia Sussman and Elaine Greenberg and her grandchildren,
     Adam David, Evan David, Michael Sussman and David Greenberg.

(4)  Includes options granted to Melvyn Knigin for 178,906 shares pursuant to
     the 1994 Plan, exercisable within 60 days and 100,000 shares subject to the
     Affiliates Agreement (see Item 13(a))

(5)  Includes options granted to Saul Pomerantz for 226,871 shares and Shelley
     Pomerantz for 30,000 shares (his wife who also is employed by the Company)
     pursuant to the 1994 Plan, exercisable within 60 days, 66,666 shares
     subject to the Affiliates Agreement (see Item 13(a)); and 244 shares owned
     by his spouse and 8,000 shares held jointly with his spouse.

(6)  Does not include Mrs. Abraham David's shares for which h holds the proxy.

(7)  Mark M. David holds a proxy for these shares.

(8)  Includes the shares held by Mrs. Abraham David.

(9)  Abraham David is the husband of Annie David and the father of Mark M.
     David.

(10) Includes 26,666 shares subject to the Affiliates Agreement (see Item
     13(a)).

(11) Includes 233,333 shares subject to the Affiliates Agreement (see Item
     13(a)).

(12) Represents options granted to Thomas Rende for 40,000 shares, pursuant to
     the 1994 Plan, exercisable within 60 days, 46,000 shares held jointly with
     his spouse, 3,300 shares owned by his spouse and 116,000 shares subject to
     the Affiliates Agreement (see Item 13(a)).


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

(a)  In December 1997, certain of the officers and directors of the Company
     (other than Mr. David), the Company's counsel and/or members of their
     families (collectively, the "Affiliates"), purchased from unrelated third
     parties 8% Convertible Senior Notes of the Company in the aggregate face
     amount of $278,500 (the "Notes"). The Affiliates entered into a written
     Agreement with the Company dated December 7, 1997 (the "Affiliates
     Agreement") pursuant to which they agreed to (i) certain restrictions on
     the circumstances under which the Notes and the shares of Common Stock
     underlying the Notes could be sold or transferred, and (ii) granted the
     Company the right to purchase the shares of Common Stock underlying the
     Notes at a price equal to ninety (90%) of the market price at the time any
     of the Affiliates is permitted under the Affiliates Agreement to sell the
     shares of Common Stock in the open market and wishes to do so. As required
     by the Affiliates Agreement, all of the Affiliates converted the Notes into
     shares of Common Stock on March 31, 1999.

(b)  Effective as of July 1, 1999, Mr. David retired as a full-time executive
     employee of the Company. The Company and Mr. David have entered into a
     series of written agreements which provide for the payment to Mr. David of
     a lump sum retirement benefit of $500,000, the continuation of health
     insurance benefits and a split dollar life insurance policy on Mr. David's
     life and the retention of Mr. David's services as a consultant to the
     Company for a term of five years. Pursuant to the consulting agreement, Mr.
     David is prohibited from disclosing any confidential information of the
     Company and from engaging in any business which is competitive with the
     business of the Company.


                                     III-7
<PAGE>



                                     PART IV


ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

                                                                        Page

(a)   1.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

             Included in Part II, Item 8 of this report:

               Independent Auditors' Report                             F-1

               Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 1999
               and 1998                                                 F-2

               Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal
               years ended June 30, 1999, 1998 and 1997                 F-3

               Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for
               the fiscal years ended June 30, 1999, 1998 and 1997      F-4

               Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal
               years ended June 30, 1999, 1998 and 1997              F-5 - F-6

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements            F-7 - F-19

      2.     Schedule

             For the fiscal years ended June 30, 1999, 1998 and 1997:

                    II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts              S-1


Schedules other than those listed above are omitted for the reason that they are
not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the
financial statements or notes thereto. Columns omitted from schedules filed have
been omitted because the information is not applicable.


                                      IV-1


<PAGE>



      (a)  3.  EXHIBITS
<TABLE>
     Exhibit
     Number              Exhibit                                      Method of Filing
     --------            ----------------------                       ------------------------
<S>                     <C>                                           <C>
     3.1                 Certificate of Incorporation                 Incorporated by reference
                                                                      to Form 10-K for fiscal
                                                                      year ended June 30, 1988
                                                                      and filed on October 13,
                                                                      1988.

     3.1.1               Amended Certificate of                       Incorporated by reference
                         Incorporation                                to Form 10-K for fiscal
                                                                      year ended June 30, 1992
                                                                      and filed on September 25,
                                                                      1992.

     3.1.2               Amended Certificate of                       Incorporated by reference
                         Incorporation                                to Form 8 Amendment to
                                                                      Form  10-K for fiscal
                                                                      year ended June   30,
                                                                      1992   and filed   on
                                                                      January 19, 1993.

     3.2                 By-Laws                                      Incorporated by reference
                                                                      to Form 10-K for fiscal
                                                                      year ended June 30, 1988
                                                                      and filed on October 13,
                                                                      1988.

     4.1                 Instruments defining the                     Incorporated by reference
                         rights of security holders                   to Exhibits to
                         including indentures                         Registration Statement on
                                                                      Form S-2 (No. 33-7837)
                                                                      filed October 10, 1986.

     4.1.1               Indenture dated as of October                Incorporated by reference
                         1, 1996 between the                          to Exhibits to Application
                         Company, as Issuer and                       for Qualification of
                         American Stock Transfer &                    Indenture under the Trust
                         Trust Company, as Trustee                    Indenture Act of 1939 on
                                                                      Form T-3 (Commission File
                                                                      No. 22-22243) filed on
                                                                      September 13, 1996.

     4.2                 Plan of Merger dated November                Incorporated by reference
                         18, 1980, between Stardust                   to Exhibits to
                         Inc. and Sanmark Industries                  Registration Statement on
                         Inc. whereby Sanmark                         Form S-14 (Registration
                         Industries Inc. was merged                   No. 2-70365) filed by
                         into Stardust Inc.                           Company's predecessor
                                                                      corporation, Stardust Inc.
                                                                      on February 12, 1981.

</TABLE>

                                                      IV-2


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
     Exhibit
     Number              Exhibit                                      Method of Filing
     --------            ----------------------                       ------------------------
<S>                     <C>                                           <C>
     10.1                Agreement of Sale dated                      Incorporated by reference
                         December 12, 1983, as amended                to Exhibits to
                         January 31, 1984, among                      Registration Statement
                         Industrial Development                       Form S-2 (No. 33-7837)
                         Authority of Russell County                  filed October 10, 1986.
                         (Virginia), the Company and the
                         Bankers Trust Company,
                         with  attendant  Deed and Bill
                         of Sale,  Deed of Trust,
                         Assignment, and Promissory Note
                         in  the  sum  of $3,000,000.

     10.2                Employee Stock Ownership and                 Incorporated by reference
                         Capital Accumulation Plan                    to Exhibits to
                         dated April 17, 1984 as                      Registration Statement
                         amended on July 1, 1984                      Form S-2 (No. 33-7837)
                         between Republic National                    filed October 10, 1986.
                         Bank of New York, as trustee,
                         and the Company.

     10.3                Incentive Stock Option Plan                  Incorporated by reference
                         Agreement dated June 28,                     to Exhibits to
                         1983, as amended on January                  Registration Statement
                         13, 1986.                                    Form S-2 (No. 33-7837)
                                                                      filed October 10, 1986.

     10.3.1              1994 Incentive Stock Option                  Incorporated by reference
                         Plan.                                        to Form 10-K for fiscal
                                                                      year ended June 30, 1994
                                                                      and filed on October 12,
                                                                      1994.

     10.4                Form of Non-Qualified Stock                  Incorporated by reference
                         Option granted to several                    to Exhibits to
                         persons who are                              Registration Statement
                         manufacturer's                               Form S-2 (No. 33-7837)
                         representatives for the                      filed October 10, 1986.
                         Company.

     10.5                Financing Agreement dated as                 Incorporated by reference
                         of April 24, 1996 between                    to Form 10-Q for the
                         Rosenthal & Rosenthal, Inc.                  quarter ended March 30,
                         and the Company.                             1996 and filed on May 15, 1996.

     10.5.1              Side Letter re Covenants                     Incorporated by reference
                         dated as of April 24, 1996                   to Form 10-Q for the
                         with Rosenthal & Rosenthal,                  quarter ended March 30,
                         Inc.                                         1996 and filed on
                                                                      May 15, 1996.

</TABLE>

                                      IV-3



<PAGE>

<TABLE>
     Exhibit
     Number              Exhibit                                      Method of Filing
     --------            ----------------------                       ------------------------
<S>                     <C>                                           <C>
     10.5.2              Security Agreement dated as                  Incorporated by reference
                         of April 24, 1996 between                    to Form 10-Q for the
                         Rosenthal & Rosenthal, Inc.                  quarter ended March 30,
                         and the Company.                             1996 and filed on
                                                                      May 15, 1996.

     10.5.3              Security Agreement -                         Incorporated by reference
                         Inventory dated as of April                  to Form 10-Q for the
                         24, 1996 between Rosenthal &                 quarter ended March 30,
                         Rosenthal, Inc. and the                      1996 and filed on
                         Company.                                     May 15, 1996.

     10.5.4              Security Agreement and                       Incorporated by reference
                         Mortgage - Trademarks dated                  to Form 10-Q for the
                         as of April 24, 1996 between                 quarter ended March 30,
                         Rosenthal & Rosenthal, inc.                  1996 and filed on
                         and the Company.                             May 15, 1996.

     10.5.5              Negative Pledge - Real                       Incorporated by reference
                         property dated as of April                   to Form 10-Q for the
                         24, 1996 between Rosenthal &                 quarter ended March 30,
                         Rosenthal, Inc. and the                      1996 and filed on
                         Company.                                     May 15, 1996.

     10.5.6              Assignment of Leases, Rents                  Incorporated by reference
                         and Security Deposits dated                  to Form 10-Q for the
                         as of April 24, 1996 between                 quarter ended March 30,
                         Rosenthal & Rosenthal, Inc.                  1996 and filed on
                         and the Company.                             May 15, 1996.

     10.5.7              Letter Agreement dated as of                 Filed herewith.
                         June 28, 1999 between Rosenthal &
                         Rosenthal, Inc. and the Company
                         Modifying and extending the Financing
                         Agreement dated April 26, 1996

     10.7                1988 Non-Qualified Stock                     Incorporated by reference
                         Option Plan.                                 to Form 10-K for fiscal
                                                                      year ended June 30, 1989
                                                                      and filed on September 27,
                                                                      1989.

     10.8                License Agreement dated                      Incorporated by reference
                         July 26, 1990 between PGH                    to Form 8 Amendment to
                         Company, Licensor and                        Form 10-K for fiscal year
                         Sanmark-Stardust Inc.                        ended June 30, 1992 and
                         Licensee.                                    filed on January 19, 1993.

     10.9                License Agreement dated                      Incorporated by reference
                         November 14, 1991 between                    to Form 8 Amendment to
                         BonJour Group, Ltd., Licensor                Form 10-K for fiscal year
                         and Sanmark-Stardust Inc.,                   ended June 30, 1992 and
                         Licensee.                                    Filed on January 19, 1993.

</TABLE>

                                                         IV-4

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
     Exhibit
     Number              Exhibit                                      Method of Filing
     --------            ----------------------                       ------------------------
<S>                     <C>                                           <C>
     10.10               Prototype of Contract of                     Incorporated by reference
                         Purchase periodically entered                to Form 10-K for fiscal
                         into between the Company                     year ended June 30, 1993
                         and Sears Roebuck and                        and filed on September 18,
                         Company.                                     1993.


     10.11               Agreement dated as of July 1, 1999           Filed herewith
                         between Mark M. David and the Company
                         providing for retirement benefits
                         Mr. David.

     10.12               Agreement dated as of July 1, 1999           Filed herewith
                         between Mark M. David and the Company
                         for Mr. David's consulting services.

     21                  Subsidiaries of the Company.                 Filed herewith.

     23                  Independent Auditors' Consent                Filed herewith.

     27                  Financial Data Schedule                      Filed herewith.

     28.1                Tender Offer Statement and                   Incorporated by reference
                         Rule 13E-3 Transaction                       to Schedule 14D-1 and Rule
                         Statement with respect to                    13E-3 Transaction
                         Movie Star, Inc. Acquisition.                Statement (No. 1-4585)
                                                                      filed December 18, 1987.
</TABLE>


     (a)      4.  Report on Form 8-K

    None.




                                      IV-5

<PAGE>




SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this document to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

September 28, 1999

                                        MOVIE STAR, INC.

                                        By:   /s/ MARK M. DAVID
                                        --------------------------------
                                              MARK M. DAVID, Chairman
                                              of the Board


Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,  this
report has been signed below by the  following  persons on behalf of the Company
and in the capacities and as of the date indicated.

<TABLE>
<S>                                  <C>                                   <C>
/s/   MARK M. DAVID                   Chairman of the Board                September 28, 1999
-------------------------------
MARK M. DAVID

/s/   MELVYN KNIGIN                   President; Executive Officer;        September 28, 1999
-------------------------------       Director
MELVYN KNIGIN

/s/   SAUL POMERANTZ                  Executive Vice President;            September 28, 1999
-------------------------------       Chief Operating Officer;
SAUL POMERANTZ                        Secretary & Director

/s/ THOMAS RENDE                      Principal Financial &                September 28, 1999
-------------------------------       Accounting Officer
THOMAS RENDE

/s/   GARY W. KRAT                    Director                             September 28, 1999
-------------------------------
GARY W. KRAT


/s/  JOEL M. SIMON                    Director                             September 28, 1999
-------------------------------
JOEL M. SIMON


</TABLE>


                                      IV-6

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX


EXHIBIT NO.                       DESCRIPTION

      21                SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

      23                INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT

      27                FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE


